core/game/content/dialogue/SilkTradeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SilkTradeDialogue
core/net/packet/context/PositionedGraphicContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.PositionedGraphicContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/crossbow/LimbPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.crossbow.LimbPulse
core/game/interaction/city/KhardianDesertPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.KhardianDesertPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/EnchantedJewelleryPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.EnchantedJewelleryPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.EnchantedJewelleryPlugin$JewelleryDialogue
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/learningtheropes/LTRDragonFightCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.learningtheropes.LTRDragonFightCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.learningtheropes.LTRDragonFightCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.learningtheropes.LTRDragonFightCutscene$FightPulse
core/game/interaction/object/SpinSpinningWheelPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SpinSpinningWheelPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/ServantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ServantDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/GodswordHiltAttachPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GodswordHiltAttachPlugin
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodwarsEntranceHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsEntranceHandler
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsEntranceHandler$1
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsEntranceHandler$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/BansheeNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BansheeNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BansheeNPC$1
core/net/packet/out/InstancedLocationUpdate.java
 core.net.packet.out.InstancedLocationUpdate
core/game/content/dialogue/PhillipaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PhillipaDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/LoginInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.LoginInterfacePlugin
 core.game.interaction.inter.LoginInterfacePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DragonSlayerCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$BobingPulse
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$2
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$3
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$4
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$5
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerCutscene$DSNedDialogue$6
core/game/system/script/context/ShopInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.ShopInstruction
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/sophanem/WallShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.sophanem.WallShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.sophanem.WallShortcut$1
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/MakeGlassInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.MakeGlassInterfacePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.MakeGlassInterfacePlugin$1
core/net/packet/context/InterfaceContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.InterfaceContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/npc/StonemasonPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.StonemasonPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.StonemasonPlugin$SupplyStore
core/game/content/dialogue/FamiliarDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FamiliarDialoguePlugin
core/net/packet/out/RunEnergy.java
 core.net.packet.out.RunEnergy
core/game/world/map/build/LandscapeParser.java
 core.game.world.map.build.LandscapeParser
core/game/content/global/travel/ship/ShipCharter.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.ship.ShipCharter
 core.game.content.global.travel.ship.ShipCharter$Destination
 core.game.content.global.travel.ship.ShipCharter$Destination$1
core/game/content/dialogue/DoricDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DoricDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/DefaultCombatSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.DefaultCombatSpell
core/game/node/entity/player/link/QuestData.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.QuestData
core/game/node/entity/player/link/appearance/BodyPart.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.appearance.BodyPart
core/game/content/dialogue/DwarfShopDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DwarfShopDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MakeOverMageDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MakeOverMageDialogue
core/net/amsc/WorldStatistics.java
 core.net.amsc.WorldStatistics
core/game/interaction/object/MossGiantRopePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.MossGiantRopePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/FertileSoilSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.FertileSoilSpell
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/ArheinShopDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.ArheinShopDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/LeatherCrafting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.LeatherCrafting
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.LeatherCrafting$DragonHide
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.LeatherCrafting$SoftLeather
core/game/interaction/player/ExamineOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.player.ExamineOptionPlugin
core/game/content/global/SkillcapePerks.java
 core.game.content.global.SkillcapePerks
core/game/content/dialogue/WydinDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WydinDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LarxusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LarxusDialogue
core/game/content/activity/puropuro/ElnockInquisitorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ElnockInquisitorDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ElnockInquisitorDialogue$1
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ElnockInquisitorDialogue$ElnockExchangeInterfaceHandler
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ElnockInquisitorDialogue$ElnockExchangeInterfaceHandler$ElnockExchange
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ElnockInquisitorDialogue$ElnockExchangeInterfaceHandler$ElnockExchange$1
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/GildedAltarPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.GildedAltarPlugin
core/game/interaction/player/FollowOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.player.FollowOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.player.FollowOptionPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/inter/EquipmentInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$2
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$3
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$4
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$5
 core.game.interaction.inter.EquipmentInterface$6
core/net/event/JS5WriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.JS5WriteEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/GrindingItem.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.GrindingItem
core/game/content/dialogue/SeerDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SeerDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/consumable/Consumable.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Consumable
core/game/content/ttrail/MapClueScroll.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.MapClueScroll
 core.game.content.ttrail.MapClueScroll$MapDigAction
core/game/content/quest/free/princealirescue/LadyKeliDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.princealirescue.LadyKeliDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/Cake.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Cake
core/game/content/activity/guild/MiningGuildPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.MiningGuildPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BorderGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BorderGuardDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MiningtutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MiningtutorDialogue
core/game/container/access/BitregisterAssembler.java
 core.game.container.access.BitregisterAssembler
core/game/content/activity/wguild/dummy/DummyRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.dummy.DummyRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.dummy.DummyRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.dummy.DummyRoom$Dummy
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/Weapon.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.Weapon
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.Weapon$WeaponType
core/game/content/dialogue/SurokMagis.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SurokMagis
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SnapshotSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SnapshotSpecialHandler
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SnapshotSpecialHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/Recipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.Recipe
core/game/content/dialogue/SpiritGraahkDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SpiritGraahkDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/prayer/BoneBuryingOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.BoneBuryingOptionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.BoneBuryingOptionPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/inter/TradeInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.TradeInterfacePlugin
 core.game.interaction.inter.TradeInterfacePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.TradeInterfacePlugin$2
core/game/content/dialogue/CallistoCubDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CallistoCubDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/ClanInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.ClanInterfacePlugin
 core.game.interaction.inter.ClanInterfacePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/BrotherBraceDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.BrotherBraceDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/PrayerTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PrayerTutorDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/SeersCageUnlockPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SeersCageUnlockPlugin
core/game/interaction/object/WantedPoster.java
 core.game.interaction.object.WantedPoster
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/GuardNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.GuardNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/abyss/AbyssPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$1$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$2$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$3$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$4$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$5
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$5$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssPlugin$AbbysalObstacle$6
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/CitizenNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.CitizenNPC
core/game/system/SystemConfig.java
 core.game.system.SystemConfig
core/cache/misc/buffer/ByteBufferUtils.java
 core.cache.misc.buffer.ByteBufferUtils
core/game/interaction/object/KhardianInteractionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.KhardianInteractionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/BattleState.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.BattleState
core/game/interaction/item/CasketPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.CasketPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/DialogueAction.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DialogueAction
core/game/content/dialogue/ValaineDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ValaineDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/PieRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.PieRecipe
core/game/content/dialogue/EventLocatorDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EventLocatorDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SloaneDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SloaneDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LitaraDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LitaraDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PlunderObject.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PlunderObject
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/DraynorTreeNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.DraynorTreeNPC
core/tools/StringUtils.java
 core.tools.StringUtils
core/game/content/dialogue/TraderCrewmemberDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TraderCrewmemberDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/RemovalDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.RemovalDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapSetting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapSetting
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapSetting$1
core/game/content/dialogue/OliviaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.OliviaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/GregoryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GregoryDialogue
core/game/system/script/exc/InvalidInstructionException.java
 core.game.system.script.exc.InvalidInstructionException
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/EnergyTransferSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.EnergyTransferSpell
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/RestlessGhostPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhostPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhostPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhostPlugin$RestlessGhostNPC
core/game/content/global/travel/canoe/CanoeExtension.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension$1
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension$2
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension$3
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension$4
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeExtension$5
core/game/content/dialogue/IrinaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.IrinaDialogue
core/net/packet/in/GrandExchangePacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.GrandExchangePacket
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/MazeDemonNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MazeDemonNPC
core/game/interaction/city/BedabinPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.BedabinPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/IdleAbstractNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.IdleAbstractNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockGateGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockGateGuardDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/FamiliarNPCOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.FamiliarNPCOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/TeleblockStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.TeleblockStatePulse
core/net/IoSession.java
 core.net.IoSession
 core.net.IoSession$1
core/game/content/dialogue/GuidorsWifeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GuidorsWifeDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/firemaking/LightLogPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.firemaking.LightLogPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/PortSarimBrianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PortSarimBrianDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/SheepShearer.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.SheepShearer
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/RovingElvesObstacles.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.RovingElvesObstacles
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/FireResistantPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.FireResistantPulse
core/game/system/script/context/RemoveItemInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.RemoveItemInstruction
core/game/node/entity/player/info/RenderInfo.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.RenderInfo
core/net/packet/out/ConstructObject.java
 core.net.packet.out.ConstructObject
core/game/interaction/city/lumbridge/CowPenZone.java
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.CowPenZone
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/SmithingType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.SmithingType
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/FishingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingPulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingPulse$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingPulse$2
core/game/content/dialogue/SeamanDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SeamanDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/MithGrapplePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.MithGrapplePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/IcyCavernDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.IcyCavernDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/FishingContestCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$FishingPulse
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$FishingPulse$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$SwitchPulse
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$SwitchPulse$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$SwitchPulse$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContestCutscene$SwitchPulse$3
core/net/producer/HSEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.HSEventProducer
core/net/packet/in/InteractionPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.InteractionPacket
 core.net.packet.in.InteractionPacket$1
core/plugin/Initializable.java
 core.plugin.Initializable
core/game/node/entity/npc/drop/RareDropTable.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.drop.RareDropTable
core/game/node/entity/skill/firemaking/FireMakingOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.firemaking.FireMakingOptionPlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/ShieldofArrav.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.ShieldofArrav
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BunyipNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BunyipNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BunyipNPC$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/AlShabimDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.AlShabimDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FlynnDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FlynnDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/BennyNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BennyNPC
core/net/packet/out/CameraViewPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.CameraViewPacket
 core.net.packet.out.CameraViewPacket$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritWolfNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritWolfNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritWolfNPC$1
core/game/content/dialogue/AeonisigRaispher.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AeonisigRaispher
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/darts/Dart.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.darts.Dart
core/game/interaction/item/ToyHorsePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.ToyHorsePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BankerTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BankerTutorDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/info/portal/Icon.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.portal.Icon
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/CureMeSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.CureMeSpell
core/game/content/ttrail/SaradominWizardNPC.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.SaradominWizardNPC
core/game/world/update/flag/player/GraphicFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.GraphicFlag
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/MuseumGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.MuseumGuardDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/EllyTheCamelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EllyTheCamelDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/SapCollectPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SapCollectPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SapCollectPlugin$SapEmptyPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ShoveSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ShoveSpecialHandler
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/CannonBallPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.CannonBallPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.CannonBallPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.CannonBallPlugin$CannonBallPulse
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/BackstabSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.BackstabSpecialHandler
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/DramenStaffPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.DramenStaffPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/GoblinVillageGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GoblinVillageGuardDialogue
core/gui/tab/UtilityTab.java
 core.gui.tab.UtilityTab
 core.gui.tab.UtilityTab$1
 core.gui.tab.UtilityTab$2
 core.gui.tab.UtilityTab$3
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/MouseNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.MouseNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/DeadfallSetting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.DeadfallSetting
core/game/world/map/path/ProjectilePathfinder.java
 core.game.world.map.path.ProjectilePathfinder
 core.game.world.map.path.ProjectilePathfinder$1
core/game/content/dialogue/SbottDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SbottDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/HalgriveDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.HalgriveDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/SeasonedSardinePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.SeasonedSardinePlugin
core/game/content/global/worldevents/shootingstar/ScoreboardEntry.java
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.ScoreboardEntry
core/game/node/entity/player/info/login/SavingModule.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.SavingModule
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/FinishedPotionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.FinishedPotionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.FinishedPotionPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/RemoteViewDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.RemoteViewDialogue
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/QuestGuideDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.QuestGuideDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/drunkdwarf/DrunkenDwarfNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.drunkdwarf.DrunkenDwarfNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/TeaSellerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TeaSellerDialogue
core/game/content/zone/wbisland/WaterBirthDungeonZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone$1
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone$1$1
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone$2
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone$DoorSupportNPC
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthDungeonZone$DungeonOptionHandler
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/SnakeCharmerBasket.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.SnakeCharmerBasket
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.SnakeCharmerBasket$AliTheSnakeCharmer
core/game/node/entity/skill/LevelUp.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.LevelUp
core/game/content/ttrail/TreasureTrailPlugin.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.TreasureTrailPlugin
 core.game.content.ttrail.TreasureTrailPlugin$ClueItemPlugin
 core.game.content.ttrail.TreasureTrailPlugin$SextantComponentPlugin
 core.game.content.ttrail.TreasureTrailPlugin$TTrailOptionHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/BakePieSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.BakePieSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.BakePieSpell$LunarPiePulse
core/game/content/ame/events/drunkdwarf/DrunkDwarfEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.drunkdwarf.DrunkDwarfEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.drunkdwarf.DrunkDwarfEvent$DrunkDwarfDialogue
core/game/system/mysql/impl/PlayerSQLHandler.java
 core.game.system.mysql.impl.PlayerSQLHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/VanessaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VanessaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/RatNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RatNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/CatableponNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.CatableponNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/RunecraftingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.RunecraftingPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.RunecraftingPlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/CharacterDesign.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.CharacterDesign
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.CharacterDesign$1
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.CharacterDesign$2
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/MiningInstructorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.MiningInstructorDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCGraphic.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCGraphic
core/game/system/script/context/OptionDialInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.OptionDialInstruction
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/bnet/BNetPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.bnet.BNetPulse
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/GhostInkeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GhostInkeeperDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/WormbrainDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.WormbrainDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/PriestInPeril.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.PriestInPeril
core/gui/tab/PlayerTab.java
 core.gui.tab.PlayerTab
 core.gui.tab.PlayerTab$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/CaptainSiadDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.CaptainSiadDialogue
core/game/content/activity/wguild/cyclopes/CyclopesRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.cyclopes.CyclopesRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.cyclopes.CyclopesRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.cyclopes.CyclopesRoom$2
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.cyclopes.CyclopesRoom$KamfreenaDial
core/game/content/zone/neitiznot/YakArmourPlugin.java
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.YakArmourPlugin
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.YakArmourPlugin$1
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.YakArmourPlugin$YakArmourPulse
core/game/content/consumable/Consumables.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Consumables
core/game/interaction/city/HomePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.HomePlugin
core/game/system/command/CommandSet.java
 core.game.system.command.CommandSet
 core.game.system.command.CommandSet$1
 core.game.system.command.CommandSet$2
 core.game.system.command.CommandSet$3
 core.game.system.command.CommandSet$4
core/game/content/activity/partyroom/BalloonManager.java
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.BalloonManager
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.BalloonManager$1
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.BalloonManager$2
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.BalloonManager$PartyBalloon
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.BalloonManager$PartyBalloon$1
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/BankZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.BankZone
core/game/content/dialogue/MeleeShopDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MeleeShopDialoguePlugin
core/net/event/GameReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.GameReadEvent
core/game/content/dialogue/EnchantTiaraDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EnchantTiaraDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.EnchantTiaraDialogue$1
core/game/content/dialogue/LumbridgeSwampWizard.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LumbridgeSwampWizard
core/game/content/activity/mta/impl/EnchantingZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.EnchantingZone
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.EnchantingZone$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.EnchantingZone$2
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.EnchantingZone$3
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.EnchantingZone$Shapes
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/ArcticBearNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ArcticBearNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/StileShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StileShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StileShortcut$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StileShortcut$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StileShortcut$2$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/SheepNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.SheepNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/ForgeRegentNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ForgeRegentNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ForgeRegentNPC$ForgeRegentFiremake
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ForgeRegentNPC$ForgeRegentFiremake$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/SkeweredFoodPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.SkeweredFoodPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.SkeweredFoodPlugin$SkeweredSet
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/BHOptionHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BHOptionHandler
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BHOptionHandler$1
core/game/container/ContainerEvent.java
 core.game.container.ContainerEvent
core/game/content/dialogue/FurTradePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FurTradePlugin
core/game/interaction/object/dmc/DMCZone.java
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCZone
core/game/content/global/worldevents/shootingstar/ShootingStarScoreboard.java
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.ShootingStarScoreboard
core/game/world/map/zone/ZoneBuilder.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.ZoneBuilder
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PCPortalNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PCPortalNPC
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/PSOptionHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PSOptionHandler
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PSOptionHandler$1
core/game/content/dialogue/DraynorBankGuard.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DraynorBankGuard
core/game/content/dialogue/NikitiaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.NikitiaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/HassanDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HassanDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/effects/KebabEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.KebabEffect
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/GiantMoleNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$2
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$3
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$4
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$4$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.GiantMoleNPC$5
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/PVPEquipment.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.PVPEquipment
core/game/content/zone/DraynorMarketZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.DraynorMarketZone
core/game/content/dialogue/HerquinDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HerquinDialogue
core/net/lobby/WorldDefinition.java
 core.net.lobby.WorldDefinition
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/ArtimeusDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.ArtimeusDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/WGuildTokenCondition.java
 core.game.system.script.context.WGuildTokenCondition
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/StitchCraftPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.StitchCraftPlugin
core/game/system/mysql/SQLManager.java
 core.game.system.mysql.SQLManager
core/game/content/dialogue/AbbotLangleyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AbbotLangleyDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/MerlinCrystalPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin$BeggarNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin$MerlinCrystalDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin$MerlinCrystalItemHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalPlugin$ThrantaxNPC
core/game/node/entity/player/link/skillertasks/SkillerTasks.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.skillertasks.SkillerTasks
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/surok/MishkalunDornDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.MishkalunDornDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/TeegidDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TeegidDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerTowerPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerTowerPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/BloodSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.BloodSpells
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RandomPrayerEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RandomPrayerEffect
core/net/packet/context/ConfigContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ConfigContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/EggAndTomato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.EggAndTomato
core/game/interaction/object/ChefGuildDoorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ChefGuildDoorPlugin
core/net/packet/out/InterfaceConfig.java
 core.net.packet.out.InterfaceConfig
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/NeedleCowPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.NeedleCowPlugin
core/net/packet/in/ChatPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ChatPacket
 core.net.packet.in.ChatPacket$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SpearWallSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SpearWallSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/ChairBenchPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.ChairBenchPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.ChairBenchPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/JungleForesterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JungleForesterDialogue
core/net/packet/context/DynamicSceneContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.DynamicSceneContext
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/TutorialBook.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialBook
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/romeo__juliet/RomeoNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.romeo__juliet.RomeoNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/SmithingBuilder.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.SmithingBuilder
core/game/content/dialogue/FaladorSquireDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaladorSquireDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/SettingTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SettingTabInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/MoltenGlassMakePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.MoltenGlassMakePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.MoltenGlassMakePlugin$MoltenGlassPulse
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/Ammunition.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.Ammunition
core/game/interaction/object/PortsObjectPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.PortsObjectPlugin
core/game/interaction/inter/AgilityTicketInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.AgilityTicketInterface
core/game/interaction/city/TzhaarCityPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.TzhaarCityPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.TzhaarCityPlugin$TzhaarDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/BattlestaveMakePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.BattlestaveMakePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SabreenDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SabreenDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCRavagerNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCRavagerNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCRavagerNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCRavagerNPC$2
core/game/content/activity/duel/StakeContainer.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.StakeContainer
 core.game.content.activity.duel.StakeContainer$StakeListener
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/ObsidianGolemNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ObsidianGolemNPC
core/game/world/update/flag/player/ChatFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.ChatFlag
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/FletchingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPulse$1
core/game/interaction/inter/WorldMapInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.WorldMapInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/WaterOrbGrapple.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.WaterOrbGrapple
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.WaterOrbGrapple$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/falconry/FalconCatch.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.falconry.FalconCatch
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/BasicStarter.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.BasicStarter
core/game/world/map/zone/ZoneMonitor.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.ZoneMonitor
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/HoneyBadgerNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.HoneyBadgerNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/LunarTeleportPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.LunarTeleportPlugin
core/game/content/ttrail/UriNPC.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.UriNPC
 core.game.content.ttrail.UriNPC$UriDialogue
core/game/world/map/path/ClipMaskSupplier.java
 core.game.world.map.path.ClipMaskSupplier
core/game/content/dialogue/PortSarimBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PortSarimBartenderDialogue
core/game/system/communication/ClanMember.java
 core.game.system.communication.ClanMember
core/game/content/zone/neitiznot/NeitiznotZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.NeitiznotZone
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/TutorialItemHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.TutorialItemHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.TutorialItemHandler$1
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/WitchsHouse.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsHouse
core/game/content/consumable/effects/PrayerEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.PrayerEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/GemMerchantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GemMerchantDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/BuildHotspotType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildHotspotType
core/net/packet/context/CameraContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.CameraContext
 core.net.packet.context.CameraContext$CameraType
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/MushroomAndOnion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.MushroomAndOnion
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/RatTutorialNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RatTutorialNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/VetionJRDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VetionJRDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/icthlarinslittlehelper/WandererDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.icthlarinslittlehelper.WandererDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AvaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AvaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/GodSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.GodSpells
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/WarriorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.WarriorDialogue
core/cache/def/impl/NPCDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.NPCDefinition
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/FruitBatNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.FruitBatNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.FruitBatNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.FruitBatNPC$1$1Pair
core/game/interaction/object/wildyditch/WildernessDitchPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.wildyditch.WildernessDitchPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.wildyditch.WildernessDitchPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/AjjatDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AjjatDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/consumable/effects/NettleTeaEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.NettleTeaEffect
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/gem/Gem.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.gem.Gem
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/mining/MiningNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.mining.MiningNode
core/game/world/map/Region.java
 core.game.world.map.Region
 core.game.world.map.Region$1
core/game/interaction/object/ErnestTheChickenPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin$Lever
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin$LeverCacheExtension
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin$LeverCacheExtension$1
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin$LeverCacheExtension$2
 core.game.interaction.object.ErnestTheChickenPlugin$LeverZone
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/sophanem/TarikDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.sophanem.TarikDialogue
core/game/content/activity/guild/RangingGuildPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$ArcheryCompetitionPulse
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$ArmourSalesman
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$BowArrowSalesman
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$CompetitionJudge
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$GuardDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$LeatherWorkerDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$RangingGuildDoorman
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$TowerAdvisor
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$TowerArcher
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$TribalWeaponSalesman
 core.game.content.activity.guild.RangingGuildPlugin$WarningInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/SilverProduct.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SilverProduct
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/BuildRoomDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildRoomDialogue
core/game/content/activity/magearena/MageArenaPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaPlugin$3
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaPlugin$4
core/game/interaction/item/HerbBoxPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.HerbBoxPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BootDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BootDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/CockatriceFamiliarNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritCockatrice
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritCoraxatrice
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritGuthatrice
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritPengatrice
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritVulatrice
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CockatriceFamiliarNPC$SpiritZamatrice
core/game/content/zone/wbisland/SpinolypNPC.java
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.SpinolypNPC
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.SpinolypNPC$SpinolpySwingHandler
core/game/node/entity/impl/Projectile.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.Projectile
core/game/content/dialogue/HorvikDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HorvikDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/JeffDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JeffDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/GrandExchangeInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.GrandExchangeInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.GrandExchangeInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.GrandExchangeInterface$2
 core.game.interaction.inter.GrandExchangeInterface$3
core/game/content/ame/events/zombie/ZombieAmeNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.zombie.ZombieAmeNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/MysteriousRuinPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.MysteriousRuinPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.MysteriousRuinPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BarkerToadNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BarkerToadNPC
core/net/packet/out/UpdateGroundItemAmount.java
 core.net.packet.out.UpdateGroundItemAmount
core/net/packet/context/InterfaceConfigContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.InterfaceConfigContext
core/tools/mysql/Database.java
 core.tools.mysql.Database
core/game/content/dialogue/MissSchismDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MissSchismDialogue
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/KaramjaZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.KaramjaZone
core/game/content/dialogue/HariDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HariDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/BernaldDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BernaldDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/BarbarianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BarbarianDialogue
core/cache/misc/buffer/BufferInputStream.java
 core.cache.misc.buffer.BufferInputStream
core/game/interaction/npc/CanafisWereWolfPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.CanafisWereWolfPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.CanafisWereWolfPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/dairy/DairyChurnPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.dairy.DairyChurnPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/BKListenDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BKListenDialogue
core/game/content/ame/ExperienceMonitor.java
 core.game.content.ame.ExperienceMonitor
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pizza/impl/AnchovyPizza.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pizza.impl.AnchovyPizza
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/PortalOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.PortalOptionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.PortalOptionPlugin$PortalDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.PortalOptionPlugin$PortalDialogue$1
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/DemonSlayerPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerPlugin
core/cache/bzip2/BZip2BlockEntry.java
 core.cache.bzip2.BZip2BlockEntry
core/net/IoWriteEvent.java
 core.net.IoWriteEvent
core/game/content/global/action/ClimbActionHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.action.ClimbActionHandler
 core.game.content.global.action.ClimbActionHandler$1
 core.game.content.global.action.ClimbActionHandler$ClimbDialogue
 core.game.content.global.action.ClimbActionHandler$ClimbDialogue$1
 core.game.content.global.action.ClimbActionHandler$ClimbDialogue$2
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/FireSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.FireSpell
core/game/content/consumable/effects/PoisonKarambwanEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.PoisonKarambwanEffect
core/net/packet/in/RunScriptPacketHandler.java
 core.net.packet.in.RunScriptPacketHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/GertrudesCatDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GertrudesCatDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.GertrudesCatDialogue$1
 core.game.content.dialogue.GertrudesCatDialogue$2
 core.game.content.dialogue.GertrudesCatDialogue$3
core/game/content/dialogue/DrokarDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DrokarDialogue
core/game/system/task/LogoutTask.java
 core.game.system.task.LogoutTask
core/net/packet/out/AccessMask.java
 core.net.packet.out.AccessMask
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirKayDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirKayDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/JonnytheBeardPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.JonnytheBeardPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BrimhavenPirateDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrimhavenPirateDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FritzGlassBlowerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FritzGlassBlowerDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/OysterPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.OysterPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SeerBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SeerBartenderDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/AliCamelMan.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.AliCamelMan
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/CaptainLawgofDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.CaptainLawgofDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/FaladorShieldPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.FaladorShieldPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.FaladorShieldPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/ScavvoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ScavvoDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/BuyCrateOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BuyCrateOptionPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BanditCampBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BanditCampBartenderDialogue
core/game/content/ttrail/TreasureTrailManager.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.TreasureTrailManager
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/ShieldArravPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.ShieldArravPlugin
core/net/NioReactor.java
 core.net.NioReactor
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/GWDEntranceRopeUsage.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.GWDEntranceRopeUsage
core/game/content/dialogue/ShanomiDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShanomiDialogue
core/net/packet/in/DisplayUpdatePacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.DisplayUpdatePacket
core/game/interaction/item/FishbowlPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.FishbowlPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.FishbowlPlugin$AquariumPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.FishbowlPlugin$AquariumPlugin$TinyNetHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.FishbowlPlugin$FeedPetFishHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.FishbowlPlugin$FishbowlDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/SnakeSkinPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SnakeSkinPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SnakeSkinPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/object/DropPartyLeverOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.DropPartyLeverOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.DropPartyLeverOptionPlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/BeggarDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.BeggarDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/ChaosElementalJRDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ChaosElementalJRDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/firemaking/Log.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.firemaking.Log
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/IrenaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.IrenaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LubufuDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LubufuDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DSMagicDoorPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DSMagicDoorPlugin
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PCObjectHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PCObjectHandler
core/game/content/activity/duel/ChallengeOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.ChallengeOptionPlugin
core/game/content/global/travel/glider/GliderPulse.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.glider.GliderPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/PatchyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PatchyDialogue
core/net/event/JS5ReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.JS5ReadEvent
core/game/content/dialogue/JosephDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JosephDialogue
core/net/packet/context/GameMessageContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.GameMessageContext
core/game/interaction/object/GoblinVillagePopulationPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.GoblinVillagePopulationPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SaradominsLightningHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SaradominsLightningHandler
core/game/interaction/inter/SawmillPlankInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SawmillPlankInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SawmillPlankInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.SawmillPlankInterface$Plank
core/game/interaction/npc/RechargeSceptre.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.RechargeSceptre
 core.game.interaction.npc.RechargeSceptre$RechargeDialogue
core/game/container/impl/BankContainer.java
 core.game.container.impl.BankContainer
 core.game.container.impl.BankContainer$BankListener
core/game/interaction/item/toys/MarionettePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.MarionettePlugin
core/net/packet/in/MapClosedPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.MapClosedPacket
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCHitFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCHitFlag
core/game/content/consumable/Potion.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Potion
core/game/content/dialogue/KamfreenaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KamfreenaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/SpiceSellerPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SpiceSellerPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/KarimDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KarimDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MartinTheMasterGardener.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MartinTheMasterGardener
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/KingArthurDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.KingArthurDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/FireTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.FireTitanNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/JackSeagullDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JackSeagullDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MiningGuildDwarf.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MiningGuildDwarf
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/PoisonStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.PoisonStatePulse
core/game/component/InterfaceType.java
 core.game.component.InterfaceType
core/net/packet/out/ClearMinimapFlag.java
 core.net.packet.out.ClearMinimapFlag
core/game/content/dialogue/OracleDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.OracleDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/TzRekJadNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TzRekJadNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TzRekJadNPC$TzRekJadDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TzRekJadNPC$TzhaarMejJalDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/toys/ReindeerHatPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.ReindeerHatPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/GrandExchangeClerk.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GrandExchangeClerk
core/game/content/global/report/Rule.java
 core.game.content.global.report.Rule
core/game/node/entity/combat/handlers/DragonfireSwingHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.handlers.DragonfireSwingHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/MakeStewPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.MakeStewPlugin
core/game/interaction/inter/EllisDialogue.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.EllisDialogue
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/CraterType.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.CraterType
core/game/interaction/inter/BankPinInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.BankPinInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pizza/impl/PineapplePizza.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pizza.impl.PineapplePizza
core/game/node/entity/player/info/UIDInfo.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.UIDInfo
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/Awusah.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Awusah
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/NPContactSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.NPContactSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.NPContactSpell$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.NPContactSpell$NPCContact
core/game/content/quest/members/junglepotion/TrufitusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.TrufitusDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/Bars.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.Bars
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/EarthSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.EarthSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/DairyChurnDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DairyChurnDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/HudonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.HudonDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/kitchen/BeerBarrelPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.kitchen.BeerBarrelPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/HerbCleanPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.HerbCleanPlugin
core/game/content/zone/rellekka/MariaGunnarsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.MariaGunnarsDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/prayer/PrayerAltarPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.PrayerAltarPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.PrayerAltarPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.PrayerAltarPlugin$Altar
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.PrayerAltarPlugin$Altar$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.prayer.PrayerAltarPlugin$Altar$2
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/KatrineDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.KatrineDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/toys/DiangoReclaimInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.DiangoReclaimInterface
core/net/packet/PacketHeader.java
 core.net.packet.PacketHeader
core/net/packet/out/WindowsPane.java
 core.net.packet.out.WindowsPane
core/game/content/dialogue/LoweDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LoweDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/NailType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.NailType
core/game/system/task/MovementHook.java
 core.game.system.task.MovementHook
core/net/packet/IncomingPacket.java
 core.net.packet.IncomingPacket
core/game/content/dialogue/book/KeldagrimRuleBook.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.KeldagrimRuleBook
core/game/content/eco/EcoStatus.java
 core.game.content.eco.EcoStatus
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/LumbridgeInstructorNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.LumbridgeInstructorNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/ArrowCreatePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.ArrowCreatePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.ArrowCreatePlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.ArrowCreatePlugin$2
core/net/event/LoginWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.LoginWriteEvent
core/game/interaction/inter/CharacterDesignInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.CharacterDesignInterface
core/game/world/repository/InitializationEntry.java
 core.game.world.repository.InitializationEntry
core/game/content/quest/free/RomeoJuliet.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.RomeoJuliet
core/gui/tab/GrandExchangeTab.java
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab$1
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab$2
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab$3
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab$4
 core.gui.tab.GrandExchangeTab$5
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/JohnnyBeardNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.JohnnyBeardNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/BattleStaves.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.BattleStaves
core/game/interaction/object/DoorManagingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.DoorManagingPlugin
core/game/content/ame/events/evilchicken/EvilChickenNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.evilchicken.EvilChickenNPC
 core.game.content.ame.events.evilchicken.EvilChickenNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/bedroom/ClockPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.bedroom.ClockPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/dungeon/LumbridgeDungeon.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.LumbridgeDungeon
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.LumbridgeDungeon$WallBeastNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.LumbridgeDungeon$WallBeastNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/MiasmicSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.MiasmicSpells
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/StrayDogNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.StrayDogNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.StrayDogNPC$1
core/cache/crypto/ISAACPair.java
 core.cache.crypto.ISAACPair
core/game/node/entity/player/link/spawn/PKScoreBoard.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.spawn.PKScoreBoard
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/MerlinCrystal.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystal
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/GraniteSplittingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GraniteSplittingPlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DSNedNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DSNedNPC
core/net/packet/out/UpdateRandomFile.java
 core.net.packet.out.UpdateRandomFile
core/game/interaction/object/DummyAttackPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.DummyAttackPlugin
core/game/interaction/object/CulinomancerChestPliugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CulinomancerChestPliugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BrimhavenBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrimhavenBartenderDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MartinThwaitDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MartinThwaitDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.MartinThwaitDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/CoconutMakePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.CoconutMakePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/BurdenContainerListener.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.BurdenContainerListener
core/game/content/dialogue/MithGrappleDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithGrappleDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithGrappleDialogue$1
core/cache/misc/buffer/BufferOutputStream.java
 core.cache.misc.buffer.BufferOutputStream
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderActivity.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderActivity
core/game/world/map/zone/Zone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.Zone
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/PowershotSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.PowershotSpecialHandler
core/net/packet/out/ContainerPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.ContainerPacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerManager
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/SandSourcePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SandSourcePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SandSourcePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/free/goblindiplomacy/GoblinDiplomacyPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GoblinDiplomacyPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GoblinDiplomacyPlugin$GoblinMailPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GoblinDiplomacyPlugin$GoblinMailPlugin$Dyes
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GoblinDiplomacyPlugin$GoblinMailPlugin$GoblinMail
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/ThornySnailNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ThornySnailNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.ThornySnailNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/cake/ChocolateCake.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.cake.ChocolateCake
core/net/packet/out/CommunicationMessage.java
 core.net.packet.out.CommunicationMessage
core/net/producer/LoginEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.LoginEventProducer
core/game/content/activity/package-info.java
 core.game.content.activity.package-info
core/game/content/consumable/effects/DraynorCabbageEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.DraynorCabbageEffect
core/game/content/cutscene/GECutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.GECutscenePlugin
 core.game.content.cutscene.GECutscenePlugin$BrugsenBursenDialogue
 core.game.content.cutscene.GECutscenePlugin$BrugsenBursenDialogue$1
 core.game.content.cutscene.GECutscenePlugin$TutorialInterfacePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SethGroatsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SethGroatsDialogue
core/net/packet/out/PingPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.PingPacket
core/game/content/ame/events/rivertroll/RiverTrollNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.rivertroll.RiverTrollNPC
core/game/node/entity/impl/ForceMovement.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.ForceMovement
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/CookableItems.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.CookableItems
core/game/content/dialogue/ShopkeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShopkeeperDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/WydinDoorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.WydinDoorPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/PoxDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PoxDialogue
core/net/packet/Context.java
 core.net.packet.Context
core/game/content/activity/mta/EntranceGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.EntranceGuardianDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/reward/PCRewardInterface.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$10
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$2
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$3
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$4
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$5
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$6
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$7
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$8
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCRewardInterface$Reward$9
core/game/content/quest/free/TheKnightsSword.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.TheKnightsSword
core/game/system/mysql/SQLColumn.java
 core.game.system.mysql.SQLColumn
core/game/interaction/SpecialGroundItems.java
 core.game.interaction.SpecialGroundItems
core/game/content/ame/events/eviltwin/TwinClothColor.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.TwinClothColor
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelRule.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelRule
core/game/interaction/object/SinclairFlourBarrelPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SinclairFlourBarrelPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.SinclairFlourBarrelPlugin$FlourHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/KuraskNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.KuraskNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/AbyssalDemonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.AbyssalDemonNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.AbyssalDemonNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SwampTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SwampTitanNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/HydraNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.HydraNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/RangedTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RangedTutorDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ShanomiNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ShanomiNPC
core/game/content/activity/wguild/shot/ShotPutRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.shot.ShotPutRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.shot.ShotPutRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.shot.ShotPutRoom$1$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.shot.ShotPutRoom$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritSpiderNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritSpiderNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/ImpBoxPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImpBoxPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImpBoxPlugin$ImpBoxDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImpBoxPlugin$ImpInterfaceHandler
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/PlayerSafetyTest.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$1
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$1
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$2
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$3
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$4
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$5
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$6
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.PlayerSafetyTest$TestQuestions$7
core/game/node/entity/player/link/IronmanManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.IronmanManager
core/game/content/ame/events/eviltwin/MollyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.MollyDialogue
core/game/content/global/travel/ship/ShipTravelPulse.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.ship.ShipTravelPulse
core/game/interaction/city/TrollheimPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$SabaDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$TenzingDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$TrollNPC
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$WarningCutscene
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$WarningCutscene$1
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$WarningZone
 core.game.interaction.city.TrollheimPlugin$WoundedSoldier
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/MerlinCrystalOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.MerlinCrystalOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/KaramajaBananaCrate.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.KaramajaBananaCrate
core/game/interaction/inter/MagicBookInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.MagicBookInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningTrainingRoom.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$5
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTrainingRoom$FluffyCutscene$FluffyDialogue$6
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/JudgementSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.JudgementSpecialHandler
core/game/content/activity/barrows/BarrowsActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsActivityPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsActivityPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsActivityPlugin$2
core/game/content/dialogue/KeyMasterDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KeyMasterDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/DwarfCannon.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannon
core/game/node/entity/player/link/quest/Quest.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.quest.Quest
core/game/content/dialogue/SaniDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SaniDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/BreocaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BreocaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MamaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MamaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/LavaTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.LavaTitanNPC
core/game/content/activity/fog/FOGPlayer.java
 core.game.content.activity.fog.FOGPlayer
core/game/content/zone/rellekka/LightHousePlugin.java
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.LightHousePlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ChainhitSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ChainhitSpecialHandler
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ChainhitSpecialHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ChainhitSpecialHandler$2
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ChainhitSpecialHandler$3
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/ChilliPotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.ChilliPotato
core/game/component/ComponentPlugin.java
 core.game.component.ComponentPlugin
core/game/interaction/city/RCGuildPortal.java
 core.game.interaction.city.RCGuildPortal
core/game/content/activity/CutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.CutscenePlugin
 core.game.content.activity.CutscenePlugin$EndPulse
 core.game.content.activity.CutscenePlugin$StartPulse
core/game/interaction/inter/PrayerTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.PrayerTabInterface
core/game/content/dialogue/TaxidermistDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TaxidermistDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MonkOfEntranaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MonkOfEntranaDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/ShipCharterNPCPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ShipCharterNPCPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/GeyserTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GeyserTitanNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/CureGroupSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.CureGroupSpell
core/net/packet/context/SystemUpdateContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.SystemUpdateContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/arrow/HeadlessArrowPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.arrow.HeadlessArrowPulse
core/game/content/activity/mta/TelekineticGrabSpell.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.TelekineticGrabSpell
 core.game.content.activity.mta.TelekineticGrabSpell$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/package-info.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.package-info
core/game/content/dialogue/KalebDialgoue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KalebDialgoue
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/Familiar.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.Familiar
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.Familiar$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.Familiar$2
core/game/content/dialogue/KlarenseDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KlarenseDialogue
core/net/packet/in/DummyPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.DummyPacket
core/game/interaction/city/falador/WineOfZamorakInteraction.java
 core.game.interaction.city.falador.WineOfZamorakInteraction
core/net/packet/out/SetWalkOption.java
 core.net.packet.out.SetWalkOption
core/game/content/dialogue/AmbassadorFernook.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AmbassadorFernook
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/pet/Pet.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.pet.Pet
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/Rokuh.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Rokuh
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Rokuh$RokuhDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/genie/GenieRandomEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.genie.GenieRandomEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.genie.GenieRandomEvent$GenieDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/EvilTurnipNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.EvilTurnipNPC
core/game/content/consumable/effects/SkillEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.SkillEffect
core/net/packet/out/GrandExchangePacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.GrandExchangePacket
core/net/IoReadEvent.java
 core.net.IoReadEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/CombinationRune.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.CombinationRune
core/game/content/global/action/DigAction.java
 core.game.content.global.action.DigAction
core/game/interaction/city/EdgevilleNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.EdgevilleNodePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BullAntNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BullAntNPC
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/FinancialAdvisorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.FinancialAdvisorDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/SheepPoisonHandler.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.SheepPoisonHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.SheepPoisonHandler$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.SheepPoisonHandler$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/spinning/SpinningPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.spinning.SpinningPulse
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RemoveStateEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RemoveStateEffect
core/game/node/entity/player/link/grave/GraveManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.grave.GraveManager
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritPengatriceNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritPengatriceNPC
core/game/interaction/object/dmc/DwarfMultiCannonPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DwarfMultiCannonPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DwarfMultiCannonPlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/StairInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.StairInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.StairInteraction$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/bolts/BoltPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.bolts.BoltPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/HarlanDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HarlanDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/CamelotNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.CamelotNodePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/IbisNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.IbisNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.IbisNPC$1
core/game/content/consumable/effects/SetAttributeEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.SetAttributeEffect
core/net/event/MSReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.MSReadEvent
plugin/ai/skillingbot/SkillingBotsBuilder.java
 plugin.ai.skillingbot.SkillingBotsBuilder
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/PoisonFountainPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.PoisonFountainPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.PoisonFountainPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/JaraahDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JaraahDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CookingTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CookingTutorDialogue
core/game/interaction/OptionHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.OptionHandler
core/game/package-info.java
 core.game.package-info
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RandomHealthEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RandomHealthEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/RomilyWeaklaxDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RomilyWeaklaxDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.RomilyWeaklaxDialogue$PieReward
 core.game.content.dialogue.RomilyWeaklaxDialogue$RomilyWildPieHandler
core/game/content/ame/events/treespirit/TreeSpiritEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.treespirit.TreeSpiritEvent
core/game/node/entity/player/link/diary/DiaryType.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.diary.DiaryType
core/game/system/script/context/PauseInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.PauseInstruction
 core.game.system.script.context.PauseInstruction$1
core/game/interaction/npc/ShantayOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ShantayOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/SkullSceptrePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.SkullSceptrePlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/MeldarMadNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MeldarMadNPC
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MeldarMadNPC$MeldarSwingHandler
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/trade/TradeModule.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.trade.TradeModule
core/net/packet/context/MessageContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.MessageContext
core/game/system/SystemShutdownHook.java
 core.game.system.SystemShutdownHook
core/game/content/dialogue/CapeMerchantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CapeMerchantDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MalakDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MalakDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/TeleportManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportSettings
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$1$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$10
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$10$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$11
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$11$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$12
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$12$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$13
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$13$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$14
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$14$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$15
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$15$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$2
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$2$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$3
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$3$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$4
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$4$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$5
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$5$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$6
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$6$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$7
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$7$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$8
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$8$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$9
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.TeleportManager$TeleportType$9$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/RevenantCombatHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.RevenantCombatHandler
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PestControlSession.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlSession
core/game/content/quest/PluginInteractionManager.java
 core.game.content.quest.PluginInteractionManager
 core.game.content.quest.PluginInteractionManager$1
 core.game.content.quest.PluginInteractionManager$InteractionType
core/game/world/callback/CallBack.java
 core.game.world.callback.CallBack
core/game/node/item/GroundItemManager.java
 core.game.node.item.GroundItemManager
core/game/content/dialogue/book/BookLine.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.BookLine
core/game/content/ame/AntiMacroEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroEvent
core/game/component/ComponentDefinition.java
 core.game.component.ComponentDefinition
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/abyss/AbyssalNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.AbyssalNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/BobBarterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BobBarterDialogue
core/game/world/map/MapDistance.java
 core.game.world.map.MapDistance
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningCreationPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreationPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreationPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreationPlugin$ObeliskHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/ZamboDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ZamboDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/NettleTeaPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.NettleTeaPlugin
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/GiftOfPeaceDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.GiftOfPeaceDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/zombie/ZombieEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.zombie.ZombieEvent
core/game/content/global/travel/canoe/CanoeStation.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeStation
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.CanoeStation$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/BedabinNomadDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.BedabinNomadDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/PlayerExamineInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.PlayerExamineInterfacePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/GatheringSkillPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.GatheringSkillPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/SilverMechantPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SilverMechantPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/YanilleGrapple.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.YanilleGrapple
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.YanilleGrapple$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/IronmanMode.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.IronmanMode
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/WolpertingerNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.WolpertingerNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/NPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.NPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.NPC$1
core/game/interaction/npc/GliderPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.GliderPlugin
core/game/content/ttrail/ClueScrollPlugin.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.ClueScrollPlugin
plugin/ai/resource/task/ResourceTask.java
 plugin.ai.resource.task.ResourceTask
core/game/container/impl/InventoryListener.java
 core.game.container.impl.InventoryListener
core/game/content/zone/wbisland/DagannothKingNPC.java
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.DagannothKingNPC
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.DagannothKingNPC$DagType
core/game/content/dialogue/StankersDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.StankersDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/KamfreenaNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.KamfreenaNPC
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodwarsMapzone.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$1
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$2
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$3
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$4
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$4$1
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsMapzone$GodWarsFaction
core/cache/StoreFile.java
 core.cache.StoreFile
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/AbyssalTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.AbyssalTitanNPC
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/AnnaJonesDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.AnnaJonesDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/HicktonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HicktonDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FaladorWomenParkDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaladorWomenParkDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/chapel/TorchLightPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.chapel.TorchLightPlugin
core/net/packet/context/IntegerContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.IntegerContext
core/game/content/dialogue/WhiteKnightDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WhiteKnightDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SirTiffyCashienDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SirTiffyCashienDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/MiningSkillCapeDwarfDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MiningSkillCapeDwarfDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/Kazemde.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Kazemde
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Kazemde$KazemdeDialogue
core/net/IoEventHandler.java
 core.net.IoEventHandler
plugin/ai/resource/ResourceAIPActions.java
 plugin.ai.resource.ResourceAIPActions
 plugin.ai.resource.ResourceAIPActions$1
core/game/content/activity/gnomecopter/GCInformationSign.java
 core.game.content.activity.gnomecopter.GCInformationSign
core/game/interaction/city/portsarim/AhabBeerInteraction.java
 core.game.interaction.city.portsarim.AhabBeerInteraction
core/game/content/dialogue/CraftingTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CraftingTutorDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/AntonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.AntonNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/DustDevilNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.DustDevilNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.DustDevilNPC$1
core/net/EventProducer.java
 core.net.EventProducer
core/game/content/dialogue/DrHarlowDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DrHarlowDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/BlackJackSeller.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.BlackJackSeller
core/game/content/holiday/halloween/DeathMansionEvent.java
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$1
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$10
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$2
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$3
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$4
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$5
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$6
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$7
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$8
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$9
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$DarkPortalHandler
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$DarkPortalHandler$DarkPortalDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$DarkPortalHandler$DarkPortalDialogue$1
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$DeathPortalZone
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$GrimItem
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$GrimItemHandler
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$GrimReaperDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$GrimReaperDialogue$1
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$MuncherDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$MuncherDialogue$1
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$MuncherDialogue$2
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$MuncherDialogue$3
 core.game.content.holiday.halloween.DeathMansionEvent$MuncherNPC
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelArenaActivity.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArenaActivity
core/game/content/dialogue/CaptainDalburDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaptainDalburDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/ShiloVillagePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.ShiloVillagePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.ShiloVillagePlugin$VillageCartDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DrezelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DrezelDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/alkharid/AlKharidShopKeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.alkharid.AlKharidShopKeeperDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/MassDecantingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.MassDecantingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/UnfinishedPotionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.UnfinishedPotionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.UnfinishedPotionPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/SkippyNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.SkippyNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/UnicornStallionNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.UnicornStallionNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.UnicornStallionNPC$1
core/game/interaction/object/RomeoQuestPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.RomeoQuestPlugin
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodwarsBossNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsBossNPC
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsBossNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodwarsBossNPC$2
core/game/system/communication/Contact.java
 core.game.system.communication.Contact
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/WaterSkinHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSkinHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSkinHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/diary/MysteriousStatueZone.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.diary.MysteriousStatueZone
core/game/ge/OfferState.java
 core.game.ge.OfferState
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritKalphiteNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritKalphiteNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritKalphiteNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/CookingRewrite.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.CookingRewrite
core/game/interaction/item/NewComerMapPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.NewComerMapPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapCreatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapCreatePulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/PotatoRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.PotatoRecipe
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/ShamusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.ShamusDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/junglepotion/JunglePotion.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$JungleObjective
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$JungleObjective$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$JungleObjective$1$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$JungleObjective$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotion$JungleObjective$2$1
core/game/interaction/object/SlayerDangerSignPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SlayerDangerSignPlugin
core/game/interaction/player/RequestOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.player.RequestOptionPlugin
core/cache/def/impl/GraphicDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.GraphicDefinition
core/game/content/dialogue/ShantayGuard.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShantayGuard
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShantayGuard$1
core/game/node/entity/player/info/login/LoginType.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.LoginType
core/game/content/activity/barrows/BarrowBrother.java
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowBrother
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/ForestersArmsCiderPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.ForestersArmsCiderPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/CurePlantSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.CurePlantSpell
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/MithrilDragonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.MithrilDragonNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.MithrilDragonNPC$1
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/GhostDiscipleDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GhostDiscipleDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DismissDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DismissDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BrosDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrosDialogue
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/BountyEntry.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyEntry
core/cache/def/impl/VarbitDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.VarbitDefinition
core/game/content/quest/free/princealirescue/WigDyePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.princealirescue.WigDyePlugin
core/game/interaction/city/FaladorNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.FaladorNodePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.FaladorNodePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.FaladorNodePlugin$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/GiantChinchompaNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GiantChinchompaNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GiantChinchompaNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/GemCutPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.GemCutPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.GemCutPlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/BHScoreBoard.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BHScoreBoard
core/game/interaction/UseWithHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.UseWithHandler
 core.game.interaction.UseWithHandler$1
 core.game.interaction.UseWithHandler$2
 core.game.interaction.UseWithHandler$3
core/game/content/dialogue/ArdougneBaker.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ArdougneBaker
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/FoodCookingDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.FoodCookingDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.FoodCookingDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/PickpocketPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.PickpocketPulse
core/net/packet/in/CommunicationPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.CommunicationPacket
core/game/world/map/RegionChunk.java
 core.game.world.map.RegionChunk
core/game/interaction/item/EmptyOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.EmptyOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.EmptyOptionPlugin$EmptyItem
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/VoidSealPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.VoidSealPlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/RestlessGhost.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhost
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirLucan.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirLucan
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/priest_in_peril/MonkOfZamorakNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.priest_in_peril.MonkOfZamorakNPC
core/game/interaction/item/LampPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.LampPlugin
core/game/node/entity/player/link/PacketDispatch.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.PacketDispatch
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.PacketDispatch$1
core/game/content/ame/events/lostandfound/LostFoundRandomEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostandfound.LostFoundRandomEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostandfound.LostFoundRandomEvent$1
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostandfound.LostFoundRandomEvent$1$1
core/game/interaction/npc/DoomsayerTogglePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.DoomsayerTogglePlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.DoomsayerTogglePlugin$WarningMessagePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BabyChinchompaNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BabyChinchompaNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BabyChinchompaNPC$BabyChinchompaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/StringJewellerySpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StringJewellerySpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StringJewellerySpell$LunarStringPulse
core/game/content/ttrail/EmoteCluePlugin.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.EmoteCluePlugin
core/game/interaction/npc/ZahurOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZahurOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZahurOptionPlugin$ZahurDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/consumable/HalfableFood.java
 core.game.content.consumable.HalfableFood
core/net/event/RegistryReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.RegistryReadEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapHook.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapHook
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/kitchen/LarderPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.kitchen.LarderPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.kitchen.LarderPlugin$LarderDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/HadleyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.HadleyDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/RestlessGhostDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhostDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/WatermelonSlicePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.WatermelonSlicePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SirVyvinDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SirVyvinDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/music/MusicZone.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.music.MusicZone
core/game/content/holiday/christmas/ChristmasEvent.java
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$ChristmasEventOptionPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$ChristmasEventOptionPlugin$1
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$PeltOptionHandler
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$PeltOptionHandler$1
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$QueenOfSnowDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowImpDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowballItemPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowmanHatComponentPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowmanItemHandler
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowmanItemHandler$1
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowmanItemHandler$SnowmanDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.christmas.ChristmasEvent$SnowmanNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/pyramid/AgilityPyramidZone.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidZone
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/pyramid/MovingBlockNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.MovingBlockNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.MovingBlockNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.MovingBlockNPC$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.MovingBlockNPC$MovingBlockTrap
core/game/content/dialogue/book/StrongholdNotes.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.StrongholdNotes
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritTerrorbirdNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritTerrorbirdNPC
core/game/interaction/npc/sorceress_app/SorceressApprenticeDialogue.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.sorceress_app.SorceressApprenticeDialogue
 core.game.interaction.npc.sorceress_app.SorceressApprenticeDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/bnet/BNetTypes.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.bnet.BNetTypes
core/game/world/repository/NodeList.java
 core.game.world.repository.NodeList
core/game/interaction/inter/LogoutInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.LogoutInterface
core/game/interaction/object/RuneCraftingGuildObjects.java
 core.game.interaction.object.RuneCraftingGuildObjects
core/game/content/dialogue/CaptainBarnabyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaptainBarnabyDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/npc/HouseServantPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.HouseServantPlugin
core/game/system/security/EncryptionManager.java
 core.game.system.security.EncryptionManager
 core.game.system.security.EncryptionManager$BCrypt
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/MorrisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.MorrisDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DrOnglewipDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DrOnglewipDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/RequestModule.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.RequestModule
core/game/content/zone/CairnIslandZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.CairnIslandZone
core/game/content/dialogue/ChemistDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ChemistDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/SonicWaveSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.SonicWaveSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/OcaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.OcaDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/SetRandomInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.SetRandomInstruction
core/net/JS5Queue.java
 core.net.JS5Queue
 core.net.JS5Queue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/ChoppedOnion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.ChoppedOnion
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/WLBelowPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowPlugin$FolderHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowPlugin$MetalWandHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/HousingStyle.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HousingStyle
core/game/content/dialogue/SkullSceptreDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SkullSceptreDialogue
core/net/packet/out/MusicPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.MusicPacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/pet/IncubatorEgg.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.pet.IncubatorEgg
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/IncubatorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.IncubatorPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.IncubatorPlugin$IncubatorEggHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/HiylikMynaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HiylikMynaDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/DwarfCannonPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$2$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$ToolKitHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$ToolKitHandler$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$ToolKitHandler$Part
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.DwarfCannonPlugin$ToolKitHandler$Tool
core/game/node/entity/player/link/RunScript.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.RunScript
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/KingRoaldDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.KingRoaldDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/TeleotherSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.TeleotherSpells
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.TeleotherSpells$1
core/net/Constants.java
 core.net.Constants
core/game/world/map/path/Pathfinder.java
 core.game.world.map.path.Pathfinder
core/cache/misc/ContainersInformation.java
 core.cache.misc.ContainersInformation
core/game/world/update/flag/UpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.UpdateFlag
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/PrayingMantisNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.PrayingMantisNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ElementalMonsterNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ElementalMonsterNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/CorruptEquipment.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.CorruptEquipment
core/game/content/dialogue/AleckDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AleckDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/reward/VoidKnightDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.VoidKnightDialogue
core/game/content/global/presets/Preset.java
 core.game.content.global.presets.Preset
core/game/content/dialogue/SmithingApparenticeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SmithingApparenticeDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/blackknightsfortress/BlackKnightsFortress.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.BlackKnightsFortress
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/akharanu.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.akharanu
core/game/content/quest/members/DruidicRitual.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.DruidicRitual
 core.game.content.quest.members.DruidicRitual$1
core/net/packet/out/SystemUpdatePacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.SystemUpdatePacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/DreamSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.DreamSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.DreamSpell$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.DreamSpell$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningCreator.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreator
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreator$CreatePulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningCreator$SummoningNode
core/game/content/quest/members/WolfWhistle.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.WolfWhistle
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/FireType.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.FireType
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.FireType$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.FireType$2
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.FireType$3
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.FireType$4
core/game/interaction/item/SilverSicklePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.SilverSicklePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/RimmingtonShopKeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RimmingtonShopKeeperDialogue
plugin/drops/mystery_box/MysteryBoxDropper.java
 plugin.drops.mystery_box.MysteryBoxDropper
core/game/content/activity/guild/FishingGuild.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.FishingGuild
 core.game.content.activity.guild.FishingGuild$MasterFisherDialogue
core/game/component/Component.java
 core.game.component.Component
 core.game.component.Component$1
core/game/content/dialogue/MagicStoreDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MagicStoreDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/QuestTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.QuestTabInterface
core/game/interaction/item/withplayer/ChristmasCrackerUsage.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withplayer.ChristmasCrackerUsage
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/NetTrapSetting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.NetTrapSetting
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.NetTrapSetting$NetTrap
core/cache/crypto/XTEACryption.java
 core.cache.crypto.XTEACryption
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/corp/CorporealBeastNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.CorporealBeastNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.CorporealBeastNPC$CombatHandler
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.CorporealBeastNPC$CombatHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.CorporealBeastNPC$CombatHandler$2
core/game/content/activity/wguild/WarriorsGuild.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.WarriorsGuild
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.WarriorsGuild$ClaimTokenDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/GertrudeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GertrudeDialogue
core/cache/gzip/GZipDecompressor.java
 core.cache.gzip.GZipDecompressor
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritLarupiaNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritLarupiaNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/LumbridgeJailGuard.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LumbridgeJailGuard
core/game/node/entity/player/info/portal/PlayerSQLManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.portal.PlayerSQLManager
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SnipeSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SnipeSpecialHandler
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/CrandorMapPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.CrandorMapPlugin
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/BoxOfHealthDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.BoxOfHealthDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/WiloughDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WiloughDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/CrateCutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.CrateCutscenePlugin
core/game/interaction/Interaction.java
 core.game.interaction.Interaction
 core.game.interaction.Interaction$1
 core.game.interaction.Interaction$2
 core.game.interaction.Interaction$3
 core.game.interaction.Interaction$4
core/game/node/entity/player/info/ClientInfo.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.ClientInfo
core/net/event/HSWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.HSWriteEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/questhall/MountedGloryPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.questhall.MountedGloryPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.questhall.MountedGloryPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.questhall.MountedGloryPlugin$2
core/game/content/ttrail/MapCluePlugin.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.MapCluePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/MurkyMattDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MurkyMattDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RestoreEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RestoreEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/KaramajaManDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KaramajaManDialogue
core/game/system/communication/CommunicationInfo.java
 core.game.system.communication.CommunicationInfo
 core.game.system.communication.CommunicationInfo$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/GlobalData.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.GlobalData
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/ImplingNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImplingNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImplingNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/FamiliarFeedPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.FamiliarFeedPlugin
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/assist/AssistSession.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.assist.AssistSession
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.assist.AssistSession$1
core/game/content/dialogue/GamFredDialoue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GamFredDialoue
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/ModeratorZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.ModeratorZone
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/Master.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Master
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Master$Task
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/CurseSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.CurseSpells
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.CurseSpells$1
core/game/content/activity/mta/MazeGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MazeGuardianDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/GrandExchangeTutor.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GrandExchangeTutor
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/Talisman.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.Talisman
core/game/node/entity/lock/ActionLocks.java
 core.game.node.entity.lock.ActionLocks
core/net/packet/out/DisplayModel.java
 core.net.packet.out.DisplayModel
 core.net.packet.out.DisplayModel$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/skillertasks/SkillTasks.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.skillertasks.SkillTasks
core/net/packet/context/GrandExchangeContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.GrandExchangeContext
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/VampireSlayerNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.VampireSlayerNPC
core/game/content/zone/DesertZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.DesertZone
 core.game.content.zone.DesertZone$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/Traps.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.Traps
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.Traps$1
core/game/content/dialogue/PartyPeteDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PartyPeteDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/WineFermentPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.WineFermentPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/AbstractNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.AbstractNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/GenericPotion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.GenericPotion
core/game/world/update/flag/chunk/ObjectUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.chunk.ObjectUpdateFlag
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/GraniteMaulPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GraniteMaulPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GraniteMaulPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GraniteMaulPlugin$GraniteMaulRevertHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.GraniteMaulPlugin$GraniteMaulRevertHandler$1
plugin/ai/lumbridge/LumbridgeBotHandler.java
 plugin.ai.lumbridge.LumbridgeBotHandler
core/game/interaction/inter/CrystalKeyChestPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.CrystalKeyChestPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/Tiara.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.Tiara
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pizza/impl/MeatPizza.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pizza.impl.MeatPizza
core/game/content/dialogue/BurthorpeSoldierDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BurthorpeSoldierDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/VampireSlayer.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.VampireSlayer
core/gui/component/ConsoleLogger.java
 core.gui.component.ConsoleLogger
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/OziachDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.OziachDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/ReloboBlinyoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ReloboBlinyoDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/RunePackPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.RunePackPlugin
core/plugin/CorePluginTypes/Managers.java
 core.plugin.CorePluginTypes.Managers
core/game/system/script/context/AddItemInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.AddItemInstruction
core/game/content/quest/free/ImpCatcher.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.ImpCatcher
core/game/interaction/npc/NPCDisturbPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.NPCDisturbPlugin
core/game/interaction/inter/CanoeInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.CanoeInterfacePlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/SheepHerder.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.SheepHerder
core/game/interaction/item/brawling_gloves/BrawlingGlovesManager.java
 core.game.interaction.item.brawling_gloves.BrawlingGlovesManager
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/RevenantPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.RevenantPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/BarType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.BarType
core/game/content/global/shop/ShopViewer.java
 core.game.content.global.shop.ShopViewer
 core.game.content.global.shop.ShopViewer$ShopCloseEvent
core/game/interaction/object/WildernessObeliskPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessObeliskPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessObeliskPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessObeliskPlugin$Obelisk
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/TraibornDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.TraibornDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.TraibornDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/SorceressElementalNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.SorceressElementalNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.SorceressElementalNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.SorceressElementalNPC$ElementalDefinition
core/game/content/dialogue/SquireTypeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SquireTypeDialogue
plugin/ai/pvmbots/GiantMoleBot.java
 plugin.ai.pvmbots.GiantMoleBot
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/arrow/ArrowHeadPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.arrow.ArrowHeadPulse
core/game/world/map/zone/RegionZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.RegionZone
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritGraahkNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritGraahkNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/bnet/BNetNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.bnet.BNetNode
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/WitchDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.WitchDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/crossbow/Limb.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.crossbow.Limb
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/HerbTarPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.HerbTarPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.HerbTarPlugin$1
plugin/ai/AIPlayer.java
 plugin.ai.AIPlayer
 plugin.ai.AIPlayer$1
 plugin.ai.AIPlayer$2
core/game/content/zone/DraynorMansionCourtyardZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.DraynorMansionCourtyardZone
core/game/content/consumable/effects/PoisonEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.PoisonEffect
core/game/node/entity/player/link/SkullManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.SkullManager
core/game/interaction/item/BirdNestPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.BirdNestPlugin
core/game/world/map/zone/ZoneRestriction.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.ZoneRestriction
core/game/interaction/object/BrokenCartBypass.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BrokenCartBypass
 core.game.interaction.object.BrokenCartBypass$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/SuperglassMakeSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.SuperglassMakeSpell
core/game/system/script/MethodCall.java
 core.game.system.script.MethodCall
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/GuildmasterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.GuildmasterDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MaleSlaveDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MaleSlaveDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MaleSlaveDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/MagicSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.MagicSpell
core/cache/CacheFileManager.java
 core.cache.CacheFileManager
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningScroll.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningScroll
core/net/packet/IoBuffer.java
 core.net.packet.IoBuffer
core/net/packet/OutgoingPacket.java
 core.net.packet.OutgoingPacket
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/SwitchAttack.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SwitchAttack
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/GhostSailorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GhostSailorDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/BrianORichardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrianORichardDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/book/SecurityBookPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.SecurityBookPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SmashSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SmashSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/TunaAndCorn.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.TunaAndCorn
core/game/content/dialogue/GrumDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GrumDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/EggPotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.EggPotato
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/GateInteractionHandler.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.GateInteractionHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.GateInteractionHandler$1
core/game/content/dialogue/KalebParamaya.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KalebParamaya
plugin/ai/pvp/PVPAIPActions.java
 plugin.ai.pvp.PVPAIPActions
 plugin.ai.pvp.PVPAIPActions$1
 plugin.ai.pvp.PVPAIPActions$2
core/gui/component/PlayerViewer.java
 core.gui.component.PlayerViewer
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/WaterSkinPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.WaterSkinPlugin
core/game/interaction/inter/GravePurchaseInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.GravePurchaseInterface
core/game/node/entity/Entity.java
 core.game.node.entity.Entity
 core.game.node.entity.Entity$1
 core.game.node.entity.Entity$2
 core.game.node.entity.Entity$3
 core.game.node.entity.Entity$4
 core.game.node.entity.Entity$5
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/SmokeSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.SmokeSpells
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/StaircasePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.StaircasePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.StaircasePlugin$BuildDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.StaircasePlugin$ClimbPohLadder
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.StaircasePlugin$ClimbPohLadder$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.StaircasePlugin$ClimbPohLadder$2
core/net/registry/AccountRegister.java
 core.net.registry.AccountRegister
 core.net.registry.AccountRegister$1
 core.net.registry.AccountRegister$2
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/KingRoaldNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.KingRoaldNPC
core/net/packet/context/BuildItemContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.BuildItemContext
core/game/interaction/inter/SkillTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SkillTabInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SkillTabInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.SkillTabInterface$SkillConfig
core/game/content/dialogue/QuarterMasterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.QuarterMasterDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/IceSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.IceSpells
core/game/content/consumable/effects/AchievementEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.AchievementEffect
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ChromaticDragonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ChromaticDragonNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/DavonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DavonDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/SvetlanaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SvetlanaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/wilderness/ChaosElementalNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.ChaosElementalNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.ChaosElementalNPC$ChaosCombatHandler
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.ChaosElementalNPC$ChaosCombatHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.ChaosElementalNPC$ChaosCombatHandler$2
core/game/content/zone/YanilleAgilityDungeon.java
 core.game.content.zone.YanilleAgilityDungeon
 core.game.content.zone.YanilleAgilityDungeon$1
 core.game.content.zone.YanilleAgilityDungeon$SalarinTwistedNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/DumpContainer.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DumpContainer
core/game/content/activity/puropuro/PuroPuroPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.PuroPuroPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.PuroPuroPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.PuroPuroPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.PuroPuroPlugin$PuroOptionHandler
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.PuroPuroPlugin$WheatSet
core/net/packet/out/RepositionChild.java
 core.net.packet.out.RepositionChild
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/DesertLizardPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.DesertLizardPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.DesertLizardPlugin$DezertLizardNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.DesertLizardPlugin$IcecoolerPlugin
core/game/content/ame/events/drilldemon/SergeantDamienNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.drilldemon.SergeantDamienNPC
core/game/node/entity/player/link/spawn/PKTitle.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.spawn.PKTitle
core/game/content/dialogue/HoodedMonkDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HoodedMonkDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/UnfinishedPotion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.UnfinishedPotion
core/game/world/repository/NodeListIterator.java
 core.game.world.repository.NodeListIterator
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SteelTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SteelTitanNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SteelTitanNPC$1
core/net/packet/in/ExaminePacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ExaminePacket
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/RestlessGhostSkull.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.RestlessGhostSkull
core/cache/bzip2/BZip2Decompressor.java
 core.cache.bzip2.BZip2Decompressor
core/game/content/dialogue/JatixDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JatixDialogue
core/net/event/MSHSWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.MSHSWriteEvent
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/LumberKittenNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.LumberKittenNPC
core/game/interaction/item/SpadeDigOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.SpadeDigOptionPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/PirateJackieDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PirateJackieDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/HouseLocation.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HouseLocation
core/game/interaction/object/sorceress/SorceressGardenObject.java
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.SorceressGardenObject
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/PhasmatysZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.PhasmatysZone
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.PhasmatysZone$1
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.PhasmatysZone$2
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.PhasmatysZone$3
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.PhasmatysZone$BoneLoaderHandler
core/game/interaction/object/BrassKeyDoorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BrassKeyDoorPlugin
core/game/interaction/npc/SeamanPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SeamanPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/KangaiMauDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KangaiMauDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ArmourSuitNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ArmourSuitNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ArmourSuitNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/MagicBoxSetting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.MagicBoxSetting
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/IronTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.IronTitanNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.IronTitanNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/stew/StewRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.stew.StewRecipe
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCSpinnerNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCSpinnerNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCSpinnerNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCSpinnerNPC$2
core/game/content/dialogue/VenenatisSpiderlingDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VenenatisSpiderlingDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/SkillBonus.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.SkillBonus
core/game/content/quest/PluginInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.PluginInteraction
core/game/node/entity/player/link/BankPinManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$2
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$PinStatus
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$PinStatus$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$PinStatus$2
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.BankPinManager$PinStatus$3
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritJellyNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritJellyNPC
core/game/interaction/city/TaverlyDungeonPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.TaverlyDungeonPlugin
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelSession.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$1
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$2
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$3
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$4
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$5
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$6
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelSession$7
core/game/node/object/GameObject.java
 core.game.node.object.GameObject
core/game/system/communication/ClanRepository.java
 core.game.system.communication.ClanRepository
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/HouseZone.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HouseZone
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/ShieldofArravBook.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.ShieldofArravBook
core/game/content/dialogue/LillyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LillyDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/SimpleEntityMessage.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SimpleEntityMessage
core/game/content/activity/mta/impl/TelekineticZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.TelekineticZone
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.TelekineticZone$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.TelekineticZone$2
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.TelekineticZone$3
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.TelekineticZone$Maze
core/game/interaction/inter/GlassInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.GlassInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.GlassInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.GlassInterface$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/jewellery/JewelleryPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.jewellery.JewelleryPulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/dungeon/SmokeDungeon.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.SmokeDungeon
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.SmokeDungeon$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.SmokeDungeon$2
core/game/content/dialogue/LeonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LeonDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/FishingSpot.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingSpot
core/game/node/item/ChanceItem.java
 core.game.node.item.ChanceItem
core/game/interaction/object/ChampionsGuildDoor.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ChampionsGuildDoor
core/game/content/package-info.java
 core.game.content.package-info
core/game/content/ttrail/ZamorakWizardNPC.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.ZamorakWizardNPC
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/surok/SurokMagisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.SurokMagisDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.SurokMagisDialogue$SurokCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.SurokMagisDialogue$SurokCutscene$SurokScene
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/SuperCombatPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.SuperCombatPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/ShilopDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShilopDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AnimalMagnetism.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetism
plugin/ai/system/android/GatheringDroid.java
 plugin.ai.system.android.GatheringDroid
core/game/content/dialogue/PetshopOwnerTaverly.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PetshopOwnerTaverly
core/game/content/dialogue/DialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/CombatStyle.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.CombatStyle
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/CookingRecipePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.CookingRecipePlugin
core/plugin/PluginManifest.java
 core.plugin.PluginManifest
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/pyramid/AgilityPyramidCourse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.AgilityPyramidCourse$5
core/game/interaction/npc/bob/BobDialogue.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.bob.BobDialogue
 core.game.interaction.npc.bob.BobDialogue$BarrowsEquipment
 core.game.interaction.npc.bob.BobDialogue$BarrowsEquipment$BarrowsFullEquipment
core/game/content/dialogue/BrotherJeredDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrotherJeredDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/TunaPotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.TunaPotato
core/game/world/map/Viewport.java
 core.game.world.map.Viewport
plugin/ai/system/predicate/Predicate.java
 plugin.ai.system.predicate.Predicate
 plugin.ai.system.predicate.Predicate$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/MuseumGuardVarrockDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.MuseumGuardVarrockDialogue
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/MiasmicStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.MiasmicStatePulse
core/game/world/map/zone/ZoneType.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.ZoneType
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/barcrawl/BarcrawlDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlDialogue$1
core/game/content/consumable/FakeConsumable.java
 core.game.content.consumable.FakeConsumable
core/game/node/entity/player/link/prayer/PrayerType.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.PrayerType
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.PrayerType$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.PrayerType$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/pirates_treasure/GardenerNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.pirates_treasure.GardenerNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.pirates_treasure.GardenerNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/StrangerPlantNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.StrangerPlantNPC
core/plugin/CorePluginTypes/StartupPlugin.java
 core.plugin.CorePluginTypes.StartupPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/InteractionType.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.InteractionType
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/BindSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.BindSpell
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/RequestType.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.RequestType
core/gui/ConsoleTab.java
 core.gui.ConsoleTab
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ThrowerTrollNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ThrowerTrollNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ThrowerTrollNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/dungeon/AncientCavern.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern$1$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern$2$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.AncientCavern$3
core/game/content/dialogue/ResearcherDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ResearcherDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/rickturpentine/RickTurpentineEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.rickturpentine.RickTurpentineEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.rickturpentine.RickTurpentineEvent$RickTurpentineDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/JossikDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JossikDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/HouseTeleTabOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.HouseTeleTabOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/CakeMakingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.CakeMakingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/TurothNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.TurothNPC
core/game/content/holiday/easter/BasketofEggsEvent.java
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$BasketofEggsPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$ChocolateEggPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$EasterBunnyDialogue
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$EasterBunnyDialogue$1
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$EasterBunnyDialogue$2
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$EasterItemPlugin
 core.game.content.holiday.easter.BasketofEggsEvent$RubberchickenPlugin
plugin/drops/DropPlugin.java
 plugin.drops.DropPlugin
core/game/content/activity/guild/HeroGuildPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.HeroGuildPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.guild.HeroGuildPlugin$JewelleryRechargePlugin
core/game/interaction/object/HaystackPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.HaystackPlugin
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidOptionHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidOptionHandler
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidOptionHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/IceGiantNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.IceGiantNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/SnelmCraftPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SnelmCraftPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SnelmCraftPlugin$SnelmCraftPulse
core/net/packet/context/SceneGraphContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.SceneGraphContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/npc/HouseServantDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.HouseServantDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.HouseServantDialogue$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.HouseServantDialogue$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.npc.HouseServantDialogue$3
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/Equipment.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Equipment
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Equipment$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Equipment$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/SwampToadPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.SwampToadPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/HerblorePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.HerblorePulse
core/game/node/entity/player/link/SpellBookManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.SpellBookManager
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.SpellBookManager$SpellBook
core/tools/TimeStamp.java
 core.tools.TimeStamp
core/game/content/dialogue/FaladorManHouseDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaladorManHouseDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/RovingElvesPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.RovingElvesPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.RovingElvesPlugin$1
core/net/packet/out/Interface.java
 core.net.packet.out.Interface
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/RSGuideDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.RSGuideDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/FamiliarItemOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.FamiliarItemOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/KaramjaGrapple.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.KaramjaGrapple
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.KaramjaGrapple$1
plugin/ai/resource/ResourceAIPManager.java
 plugin.ai.resource.ResourceAIPManager
 plugin.ai.resource.ResourceAIPManager$1
core/gui/ConsoleFrame.java
 core.gui.ConsoleFrame
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/AberrantSpectreNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.AberrantSpectreNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.AberrantSpectreNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/pottery/PotteryPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.pottery.PotteryPulse
core/game/interaction/npc/RoavarDialogue.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.RoavarDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ElementalWizardNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ElementalWizardNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ElementalWizardNPC$MaligniusMortifer
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ElementalWizardNPC$MaligniusMortifer$1
core/game/interaction/npc/TanningNPC.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.TanningNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/ScorpiasOffspringDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ScorpiasOffspringDialogue
core/game/system/script/build/DialogueScriptBuilder.java
 core.game.system.script.build.DialogueScriptBuilder
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/BoxTrapNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.BoxTrapNode
core/game/content/dialogue/ReadbeardFrankDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ReadbeardFrankDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/PressurePad.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.PressurePad
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.PressurePad$1
core/game/interaction/npc/GameInstructorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.GameInstructorPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/gem/Gems.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.gem.Gems
core/game/system/script/exc/InvalidGOTOException.java
 core.game.system.script.exc.InvalidGOTOException
core/game/interaction/npc/SheepShearPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SheepShearPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.SheepShearPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/object/TollGateOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.TollGateOptionPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SurgeonGeneralTafani.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SurgeonGeneralTafani
core/net/packet/context/WindowsPaneContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.WindowsPaneContext
plugin/package-info.java
 plugin.package-info
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/CuratorHaigHalenDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.CuratorHaigHalenDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/ImpJarCreatePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.ImpJarCreatePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/EnchantCrossbowSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.EnchantCrossbowSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/SpellbookSwapDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SpellbookSwapDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/PhantuwtiFantstuwiFarSight.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PhantuwtiFantstuwiFarSight
core/game/content/global/BossKillCounter.java
 core.game.content.global.BossKillCounter
core/game/content/dialogue/book/Book.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.Book
core/game/content/activity/magearena/KolodionNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionNPC
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionNPC$KolodionType
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionNPC$KolodionType$1
core/net/packet/context/AccessMaskContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.AccessMaskContext
core/game/node/object/ObjectBuilder.java
 core.game.node.object.ObjectBuilder
 core.game.node.object.ObjectBuilder$1
 core.game.node.object.ObjectBuilder$2
 core.game.node.object.ObjectBuilder$3
 core.game.node.object.ObjectBuilder$4
core/game/content/quest/free/WitchsPotion.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.WitchsPotion
core/game/content/ame/AntiMacroDialogue.java
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroDialogue
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroDialogue$1
core/game/content/dialogue/UliziusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.UliziusDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/BurthorpeTrainNPC.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.BurthorpeTrainNPC
 core.game.interaction.npc.BurthorpeTrainNPC$1
 core.game.interaction.npc.BurthorpeTrainNPC$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/priest_in_peril/TempleGuardianNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.priest_in_peril.TempleGuardianNPC
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/DwarfDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.DwarfDialogue
core/game/content/activity/mta/ProgressHatDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.ProgressHatDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CaptainShanksDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaptainShanksDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/GlassProduct.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.GlassProduct
core/net/packet/out/ContactPackets.java
 core.net.packet.out.ContactPackets
core/game/content/dialogue/CapnIzzyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CapnIzzyDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/PickupPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.PickupPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/StatBoostSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StatBoostSpell
core/game/ge/GEItemSet.java
 core.game.ge.GEItemSet
core/game/node/entity/player/link/diary/AchievementDiary.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.diary.AchievementDiary
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/GarlicPipeInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GarlicPipeInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GarlicPipeInteraction$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GarlicPipeInteraction$2
core/game/content/dialogue/HengelDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HengelDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/BountyLocateSpell.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyLocateSpell
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyLocateSpell$1
core/game/interaction/object/BankingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankDepositInterface
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankDepositInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankDepositInterface$2
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankNPC
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankNPCPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankerDialogue
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankingInterface
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankingInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankingInterface$2
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankingInterface$3
 core.game.interaction.object.BankingPlugin$BankingInterface$4
core/game/interaction/object/DoogleLeafPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.DoogleLeafPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/AlKharidPitShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.AlKharidPitShortcut
core/game/node/entity/player/link/prayer/PrayerCategory.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.PrayerCategory
core/game/content/dialogue/FilelioDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FilelioDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/FlagContext.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.FlagContext
core/cache/def/impl/ObjectDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.ObjectDefinition
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/FeintSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.FeintSpecialHandler
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/ThrantaxDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.ThrantaxDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/BeehivePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BeehivePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.BeehivePlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/pottery/PotteryItem.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.pottery.PotteryItem
core/game/interaction/object/LavaMazePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LavaMazePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/LongbowBenDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LongbowBenDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/TouristTrapPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$5
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$6
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$AnnaCartHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$AnnaCartHandler$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$AnnaCartHandler$AnnaCartCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$AnnaCartHandler$AnnaCartCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BarrelDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BarrelDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler$AnnaWinchHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler$BedabinAnvilDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler$BedabinAnvilDialogue$ProtoTypePulse
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler$PrototypeDartHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinAnvilHandler$PrototypeDartHandler$ProtoTypeDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$BedabinKeyHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$CartDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$CartDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$MineCartDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$MineCartDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$MineCartDialogue$MiningCartCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$MineCartDialogue$MiningCartCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$WinchCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$WinchCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrapPlugin$WinchDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderNPC$1
core/game/content/dialogue/PikkupstixDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PikkupstixDialogue
core/game/content/global/shop/Shop.java
 core.game.content.global.shop.Shop
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SnakelingNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SnakelingNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SnakelingNPC$PetSnakelingDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCSplatterNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCSplatterNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCSplatterNPC$1
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RandomSkillEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RandomSkillEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/FishingTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FishingTutorDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/EnchantTiaraPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.EnchantTiaraPulse
core/net/producer/RegistryEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.RegistryEventProducer
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/Servant.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.Servant
core/net/packet/out/PositionedGraphic.java
 core.net.packet.out.PositionedGraphic
core/cache/def/impl/ClothDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.ClothDefinition
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/RevenantNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.RevenantNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/ChilliConCarne.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.ChilliConCarne
core/game/content/dialogue/DSChestDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DSChestDialogue
core/net/packet/out/ClearObject.java
 core.net.packet.out.ClearObject
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/PizzaCookingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.PizzaCookingPulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/dungeon/FremennikDungeon.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.FremennikDungeon
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.dungeon.FremennikDungeon$1
core/game/interaction/inter/ShoppingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.ShoppingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.inter.ShoppingPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/GnomeSpiritTreeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GnomeSpiritTreeDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.GnomeSpiritTreeDialogue$1
core/net/amsc/WorldCommunicator.java
 core.net.amsc.WorldCommunicator
 core.net.amsc.WorldCommunicator$1
core/game/interaction/npc/AlKahridLeafletPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.AlKahridLeafletPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/tzhaar/TzHaarMejKah.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.tzhaar.TzHaarMejKah
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/BoltEffect.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$10
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$2
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$3
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$4
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$5
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$6
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$7
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$8
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.BoltEffect$9
core/game/content/dialogue/BettyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BettyDialogue
core/game/system/SystemTermination.java
 core.game.system.SystemTermination
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/MagicImbueSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.MagicImbueSpell
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapWrapper.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapWrapper
core/game/content/activity/mta/MTAZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAZone
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/MultiwayCombatZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.MultiwayCombatZone
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/StunStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.StunStatePulse
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/TutorialCompletionDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialCompletionDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritTzKihNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritTzKihNPC
core/cache/CacheFile.java
 core.cache.CacheFile
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/DesertWyrmNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DesertWyrmNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DesertWyrmNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DesertWyrmNPC$1$1
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/GravingasNPC.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GravingasNPC
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GravingasNPC$GravingasDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/AliTheCamelHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.AliTheCamelHandler
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.AliTheCamelHandler$AliTheCamelDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.AliTheCamelHandler$AliTheCamelDialogue$1
core/game/content/holiday/HolidayType.java
 core.game.content.holiday.HolidayType
core/game/content/dialogue/HansDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HansDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SimonTempleton.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SimonTempleton
core/cache/def/Definition.java
 core.cache.def.Definition
core/game/content/dialogue/KreeJrDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KreeJrDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/AutocastSelectPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.AutocastSelectPlugin
core/net/packet/out/InteractionOption.java
 core.net.packet.out.InteractionOption
core/game/world/map/BuildRegionChunk.java
 core.game.world.map.BuildRegionChunk
core/game/content/dialogue/CaptainBentleyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaptainBentleyDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaptainBentleyDialogue$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MiningCampZone.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MiningCampZone
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MiningCampZone$1
core/game/content/global/travel/glider/Gliders.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.glider.Gliders
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/LavaScalePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.LavaScalePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.LavaScalePlugin$AntifireMakePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/ConstructionGuideBook.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.ConstructionGuideBook
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/SpellType.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$10
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$11
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$12
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$13
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$2
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$3
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$4
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$5
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$6
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$7
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$8
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.SpellType$9
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/SoftclayPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.SoftclayPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.SoftclayPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.SoftclayPlugin$1$1
core/game/interaction/npc/BogrogPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.BogrogPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.BogrogPlugin$BogrogDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/IgnatiusVulcanDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.IgnatiusVulcanDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.IgnatiusVulcanDialogue$IgnatiusVulcanNPC
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/DSlayerDrainPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DSlayerDrainPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/HairdresserCheesePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.HairdresserCheesePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.HairdresserCheesePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/free/piratestreasure/PiratesTreasure.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.piratestreasure.PiratesTreasure
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/fermenting/WineFermentingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.fermenting.WineFermentingPulse
core/game/content/activity/magearena/MageArenaNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaNPC
core/game/content/activity/tzhaar/TzhaarFightCavesPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCavesPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCavesPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCavesPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCavesPlugin$3
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/TutorialSession.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialSession
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialSession$DelayPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/DommikDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DommikDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/CockatriceNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.CockatriceNPC
core/game/content/activity/barrows/BarrowsPuzzle.java
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsPuzzle
core/game/content/dialogue/GrimgnashDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GrimgnashDialogue
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelReqModule.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelReqModule
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/PotionDecantingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.PotionDecantingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/MonsterExamineSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.MonsterExamineSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.MonsterExamineSpell$1
core/game/content/dialogue/ThessaliaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ThessaliaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FadliDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FadliDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.FadliDialogue$FadliPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/FalconryActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.FalconryActivityPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.FalconryActivityPlugin$FalconryPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.FalconryActivityPlugin$FalconryPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/GatheringSkillOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.GatheringSkillOptionPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/WayneDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WayneDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/Skills.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.Skills
core/net/producer/JS5EventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.JS5EventProducer
core/game/interaction/object/ShantayPassPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ShantayPassPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.ShantayPassPlugin$ShantayComponentPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/AliTheCarter.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.AliTheCarter
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/RunePouch.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.RunePouch
core/game/content/dialogue/DonieDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DonieDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/TalonBeastNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.TalonBeastNPC
core/cache/misc/FilesContainer.java
 core.cache.misc.FilesContainer
core/game/content/consumable/effects/UgthankiKebabEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.UgthankiKebabEffect
core/game/content/ame/events/quizmaster/QuizMasterNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.quizmaster.QuizMasterNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pizza/impl/PlainPizza.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pizza.impl.PlainPizza
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/DesertBandit.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.DesertBandit
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.DesertBandit$BanditDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/FishingOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/OomlieWrap.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.OomlieWrap
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/CaptainLawgofNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.CaptainLawgofNPC
core/net/packet/in/InterfaceUseOnPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.InterfaceUseOnPacket
 core.net.packet.in.InterfaceUseOnPacket$1
core/game/content/dialogue/TarquinDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TarquinDialogue
core/net/packet/out/UpdateClanChat.java
 core.net.packet.out.UpdateClanChat
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/MazeGhostNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MazeGhostNPC
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RandomEnergyEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RandomEnergyEffect
core/game/content/quest/free/blackknightsfortress/BKCabbagePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.BKCabbagePlugin
plugin/ai/ArtificialSession.java
 plugin.ai.ArtificialSession
core/game/interaction/object/CavadaBerriesPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CavadaBerriesPlugin
core/game/interaction/city/WildernessPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.WildernessPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.WildernessPlugin$KBDPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/ConsumableOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.ConsumableOptionPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/GolrieDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.GolrieDialogue
core/net/packet/out/AudioPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.AudioPacket
core/game/interaction/object/PriestInPerilOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.PriestInPerilOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/TeacherandPupilMuseumMaleDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.TeacherandPupilMuseumMaleDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LouiLegsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LouiLegsDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/CheckRandomCondition.java
 core.game.system.script.context.CheckRandomCondition
core/game/content/dialogue/ProfessorOddensteinPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ProfessorOddensteinPlugin
 core.game.content.dialogue.ProfessorOddensteinPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/city/EntranaObjectPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.EntranaObjectPlugin
core/game/content/ame/events/treespirit/TreeSpiritRandomNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.treespirit.TreeSpiritRandomNPC
core/game/node/item/GroundItem.java
 core.game.node.item.GroundItem
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritKyattNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritKyattNPC
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PestControlActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlActivityPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlActivityPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlActivityPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlActivityPlugin$3
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlActivityPlugin$BoatType
core/game/interaction/city/BrimhavenDungeonPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.BrimhavenDungeonPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.BrimhavenDungeonPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.BrimhavenDungeonPlugin$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/ChargeOrbSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.ChargeOrbSpells
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.ChargeOrbSpells$ChargeOrbPulse
core/game/content/activity/wguild/animator/AnimatedArmour.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.animator.AnimatedArmour
core/game/content/dialogue/HairdresserDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HairdresserDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/HumidifySpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.HumidifySpell
core/game/content/dialogue/BaraekDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BaraekDialogue
core/net/producer/GameEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.GameEventProducer
core/game/system/script/context/ItemMessageInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.ItemMessageInstruction
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/FenceJumpShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.FenceJumpShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.FenceJumpShortcut$1
core/game/content/activity/bountyhunter/BountyHunterActivity.java
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyHunterActivity
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyHunterActivity$1
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyHunterActivity$2
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyHunterActivity$3
 core.game.content.activity.bountyhunter.BountyHunterActivity$4
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockCookDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockCookDialogue
core/game/content/activity/fog/FOGLobbyZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.fog.FOGLobbyZone
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/surok/DakhThoulanAegisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.DakhThoulanAegisDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/StandardCookingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.StandardCookingPulse
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/tzhaar/TzHaarMejJah.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.tzhaar.TzHaarMejJah
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/HouseManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HouseManager
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HouseManager$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.HouseManager$2
core/game/content/quest/free/piratestreasure/PiratesTreasurePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.piratestreasure.PiratesTreasurePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.piratestreasure.PiratesTreasurePlugin$TreasureDigPlugin
core/game/system/monitor/ExceptionLog.java
 core.game.system.monitor.ExceptionLog
core/game/content/dialogue/HettyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HettyDialogue
core/game/content/ttrail/CoordinateCluePlugin.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.CoordinateCluePlugin
core/game/content/ame/events/genie/GenieNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.genie.GenieNPC
core/game/interaction/npc/SimonScepterInteraction.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SimonScepterInteraction
core/game/content/dialogue/ManorFountainDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ManorFountainDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/AlkharidHealPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.AlkharidHealPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/RasoloNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RasoloNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RasoloNPC$RosaloDialouge
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/VengeanceSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.VengeanceSpell
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/RavenousLocustNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.RavenousLocustNPC
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PestControlSquire.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PestControlSquire
core/game/content/global/Dyes.java
 core.game.content.global.Dyes
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/EnchantTiaraPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.EnchantTiaraPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/RoladDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RoladDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/lostpirate/CapnHandNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostpirate.CapnHandNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/stew/CurryRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.stew.CurryRecipe
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/MasterChefDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.MasterChefDialogue
core/net/packet/context/AnimateObjectContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.AnimateObjectContext
core/game/interaction/item/GnomecopterTicket.java
 core.game.interaction.item.GnomecopterTicket
core/game/node/entity/npc/drop/DropFrequency.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.drop.DropFrequency
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/PieCookingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.PieCookingPulse
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/TribesmanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.TribesmanNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/HunterGear.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterGear
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirMordredNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirMordredNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirMordredNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/impl/WalkingQueue.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.WalkingQueue
core/net/packet/out/StringPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.StringPacket
core/game/content/dialogue/MithrilSeedsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithrilSeedsDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithrilSeedsDialogue$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MercenaryCaptainDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MercenaryCaptainDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MercenaryCaptainDialogue$MercenaryCaptain
core/game/system/script/context/InvItemCondition.java
 core.game.system.script.context.InvItemCondition
core/game/node/entity/player/link/grave/GraveType.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.grave.GraveType
core/game/node/entity/player/link/quest/QuestRepository.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.quest.QuestRepository
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/pet/Pets.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.pet.Pets
core/game/content/global/action/EquipHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.action.EquipHandler
core/net/packet/in/ReportAbusePacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ReportAbusePacket
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PCLanderZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PCLanderZone
core/game/node/entity/lock/Lock.java
 core.game.node.entity.lock.Lock
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/StringbowPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.StringbowPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.StringbowPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/HuntingExpert.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HuntingExpert
core/game/content/quest/free/princealirescue/PrinceAliRescuePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.princealirescue.PrinceAliRescuePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/ImpetuousImpulses.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.ImpetuousImpulses
core/game/content/global/action/SpecialLadders.java
 core.game.content.global.action.LadderAchievementCheck
 core.game.content.global.action.SpecialLadders
 core.game.content.global.action.SpecialLadders$1
 core.game.content.global.action.SpecialLadders$2
core/net/packet/in/ClanPacketHandler.java
 core.net.packet.in.ClanPacketHandler
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ExcaliburSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ExcaliburSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/player/link/audio/Audio.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.audio.Audio
core/game/content/ame/events/quizmaster/QuizMasterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.quizmaster.QuizMasterDialogue
 core.game.content.ame.events.quizmaster.QuizMasterDialogue$QuizSet
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/FruitCuttingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FruitCuttingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FruitCuttingPlugin$Fruit
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FruitCuttingPlugin$FruitCuttingDialogue
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FruitCuttingPlugin$FruitCuttingDialogue$1
core/game/content/dialogue/HildDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HildDialogue
core/net/registry/RegistryDetails.java
 core.net.registry.RegistryDetails
core/game/content/dialogue/OllieTheCamelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.OllieTheCamelDialogue
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/NecrovarusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.NecrovarusDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/BasiliskNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BasiliskNPC
core/game/content/activity/magearena/LundailDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.LundailDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/VineInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.VineInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.VineInteraction$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/TunnelShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.TunnelShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.TunnelShortcut$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.TunnelShortcut$2
core/game/node/entity/player/link/appearance/Appearance.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.appearance.Appearance
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.appearance.Appearance$AppearanceCache
core/game/interaction/object/CowMilkingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CowMilkingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.CowMilkingPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.CowMilkingPlugin$BucketHandler
core/game/interaction/city/DraynorManorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorManorPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorManorPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorManorPlugin$2
core/game/content/consumable/effects/EnergyEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.EnergyEffect
plugin/ai/AIPControlDialogue.java
 plugin.ai.AIPControlDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/SoftCraftPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.SoftCraftPulse
core/net/packet/out/Logout.java
 core.net.packet.out.Logout
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/CertificatePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.CertificatePlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MercenaryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MercenaryDialogue
core/game/world/map/zone/ZoneBorders.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.ZoneBorders
core/game/content/dialogue/KaqemeexDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KaqemeexDialogue
core/net/lobby/WorldList.java
 core.net.lobby.WorldList
core/game/content/dialogue/ActivateEnchantedGem.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ActivateEnchantedGem
core/game/content/dialogue/CaveMonk.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CaveMonk
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/FishingNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.FishingNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/NurmofDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.NurmofDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockBrokenCart.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockBrokenCart
core/net/packet/in/ChatSettingsPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ChatSettingsPacket
core/game/system/script/ScriptType.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptType
core/game/content/global/LightSource.java
 core.game.content.global.LightSource
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/grandpaJack.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.grandpaJack
core/game/content/consumable/ConsumableEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.ConsumableEffect
core/game/content/global/BirdNest.java
 core.game.content.global.BirdNest
core/game/node/entity/player/link/HintIconManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.HintIconManager
core/game/content/dialogue/HooknosedJackDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HooknosedJackDialogue
core/game/content/activity/partyroom/ChestViewer.java
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.ChestViewer
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.ChestViewer$ChestCloseEvent
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.ChestViewer$DepositContainer
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.ChestViewer$DepositContainer$PartyDepositListener
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/WildernessZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.WildernessZone
core/game/content/ame/AntiMacroNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroNPC
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroNPC$1
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroNPC$2
core/game/content/global/Bones.java
 core.game.content.global.Bones
core/game/content/dialogue/ArdougneShopKeeperPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ArdougneShopKeeperPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SkillDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SkillDialoguePlugin
 core.game.content.dialogue.SkillDialoguePlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/SafetyMapZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.SafetyMapZone
core/plugin/CorePluginTypes/ManagerPlugin.java
 core.plugin.CorePluginTypes.ManagerPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ClobberSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ClobberSpecialHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/BillTeachDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BillTeachDialogue
core/net/packet/context/ClanContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ClanContext
core/game/interaction/city/lumbridge/FredChest.java
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.FredChest
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/GiantEntNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GiantEntNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/SeravelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SeravelDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/WaterFall.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterFall
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/GemBoltPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.GemBoltPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.GemBoltPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.GemBoltPlugin$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/EnchantedGemDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.EnchantedGemDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/bow/StringPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.bow.StringPulse
core/game/content/zone/IcePathZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.IcePathZone
 core.game.content.zone.IcePathZone$1
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/barcrawl/BarcrawlPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$1
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$10
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$2
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$3
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$4
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$5
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$6
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$7
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$8
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$9
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlPlugin$BarcrawlType$9$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/GraniteLobsterNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GraniteLobsterNPC
core/game/system/monitor/MessageLog.java
 core.game.system.monitor.MessageLog
core/game/system/script/InstructionType.java
 core.game.system.script.InstructionType
core/game/system/communication/ClanEntry.java
 core.game.system.communication.ClanEntry
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/limestone/ChiselLimestonePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.limestone.ChiselLimestonePulse
core/game/content/consumable/effects/HealingEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.HealingEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/TostigDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TostigDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SeverSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SeverSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/HardCraftPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.HardCraftPulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/woodcutting/WoodcuttingSkillPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.woodcutting.WoodcuttingSkillPulse
core/game/content/activity/fog/FOGActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.fog.FOGActivityPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.fog.FOGActivityPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/romeo__juliet/JulietNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.romeo__juliet.JulietNPC
core/game/content/global/action/DoorActionHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.action.DoorActionHandler
 core.game.content.global.action.DoorActionHandler$1
 core.game.content.global.action.DoorActionHandler$2
 core.game.content.global.action.DoorActionHandler$3
core/game/content/dialogue/MithrilSeedsPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithrilSeedsPlugin
 core.game.content.dialogue.MithrilSeedsPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/SavedData.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.SavedData
core/game/interaction/SpecialGroundInteraction.java
 core.game.interaction.SpecialGroundInteraction
core/game/system/script/ScriptContext.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptContext
core/game/world/update/flag/chunk/AnimateObjectUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.chunk.AnimateObjectUpdateFlag
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/VampireBatNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VampireBatNPC
core/game/content/activity/wguild/catapult/CatapultRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom$1$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom$2
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom$3
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.catapult.CatapultRoom$CatapultAttack
core/game/content/quest/members/asoulsbane/ASoulsBanePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBanePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBanePlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBanePlugin$1$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBanePlugin$SoulsBaneRiftRopeHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/Herbs.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.Herbs
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCFaceLocation.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCFaceLocation
core/game/content/activity/clanwars/ClanWarsActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.ClanWarsActivityPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.ClanWarsActivityPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.ClanWarsActivityPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.ClanWarsActivityPlugin$2$1
core/net/packet/in/CameraMovementPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.CameraMovementPacket
core/game/content/ame/events/eviltwin/EvilTwinRandomEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.EvilTwinRandomEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.EvilTwinRandomEvent$1
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.EvilTwinRandomEvent$2
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.EvilTwinRandomEvent$3
 core.game.content.ame.events.eviltwin.EvilTwinRandomEvent$4
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/surok/SilasDahcsnuDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.SilasDahcsnuDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/IncineratorHandler.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.IncineratorHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.IncineratorHandler$1
core/game/content/dialogue/KanelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KanelDialogue
core/game/content/global/Skillcape.java
 core.game.content.global.Skillcape
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/HansNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.HansNPC
core/game/system/script/ScriptManager.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptManager
core/game/content/dialogue/RustyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RustyDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/gem/GemBoltPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.gem.GemBoltPulse
core/cache/ServerStore.java
 core.cache.ServerStore
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/SkullDropPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.SkullDropPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/VoidFamiliarNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$VoidRavagerNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$VoidShifterNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$VoidSpinnerNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$VoidTorcherNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VoidFamiliarNPC$VoidTorcherNPC$1
core/game/content/activity/mta/CharmedWarriorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.CharmedWarriorDialogue
core/cache/Cache.java
 core.cache.Cache
core/game/world/map/RegionPlane.java
 core.game.world.map.RegionPlane
core/game/content/dialogue/GeeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GeeDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/BookOnBaxtorianPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.BookOnBaxtorianPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/LollkDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.LollkDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/Stall.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.Stall
core/game/system/script/exc/ScriptException.java
 core.game.system.script.exc.ScriptException
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/HunterPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$HunterItemPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$HunterItemPlugin$ReleaseType
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$HunterItemPlugin$ReleaseType$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$HunterNetPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterPlugin$HuntingItemUseWithHandler
core/game/world/update/flag/player/FaceEntityFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.FaceEntityFlag
core/game/node/entity/player/link/emote/EmoteManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.EmoteManager
core/game/node/entity/state/EntityState.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.EntityState
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/StatSpySpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StatSpySpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StatSpySpell$1
plugin/ai/wilderness/WildernessBot.java
 plugin.ai.wilderness.WildernessBot
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/CrystalKeyCreatePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.CrystalKeyCreatePlugin
core/net/packet/out/MinimapState.java
 core.net.packet.out.MinimapState
core/net/event/MSHSReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.MSHSReadEvent
core/game/interaction/object/KalphiteEntranceHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.object.KalphiteEntranceHandler
 core.game.interaction.object.KalphiteEntranceHandler$1
 core.game.interaction.object.KalphiteEntranceHandler$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/FamiliarSpecial.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.FamiliarSpecial
core/tools/mysql/DatabaseManager.java
 core.tools.mysql.DatabaseManager
core/game/content/dialogue/HighPriestDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HighPriestDialogue
plugin/drops/DropPlugins.java
 plugin.drops.DropPlugins
core/tools/Vector3d.java
 core.tools.Vector3d
core/game/interaction/npc/NPCTradePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.NPCTradePlugin
plugin/ai/lumbridge/DeadIdler.java
 plugin.ai.lumbridge.DeadIdler
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/VetionNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.VetionNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/GemTradeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GemTradeDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/SanibochPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SanibochPlugin
core/game/world/update/flag/context/HitMark.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.context.HitMark
core/game/content/dialogue/MathiasFlaconryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MathiasFlaconryDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/CheesePotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.CheesePotato
core/game/node/entity/combat/handlers/ChinchompaSwingHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.handlers.ChinchompaSwingHandler
core/game/content/consumable/effects/DamageEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.DamageEffect
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/Fish.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.Fish
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/jewellery/JewelleryCrafting.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.jewellery.JewelleryCrafting
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.jewellery.JewelleryCrafting$JewelleryItem
core/game/interaction/object/LumbridgeSwampHolePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeSwampHolePlugin
core/net/producer/MSHSEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.MSHSEventProducer
core/game/content/dialogue/HarrallakMenarous.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HarrallakMenarous
core/game/content/dialogue/KittenInteractDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KittenInteractDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.KittenInteractDialogue$1
core/game/interaction/item/EnchantedGemPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.EnchantedGemPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.EnchantedGemPlugin$JewelleryDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/SmithingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SmithingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SmithingPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/ArmourSet.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$2
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$3
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$4
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$5
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.ArmourSet$6
core/game/node/entity/skill/firemaking/FireMakingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.firemaking.FireMakingPulse
core/game/content/activity/fog/FOGWaitingZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.fog.FOGWaitingZone
core/game/interaction/Option.java
 core.game.interaction.Option
core/game/interaction/npc/CustomsOfficerPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.CustomsOfficerPlugin
core/game/container/access/InterfaceContainer.java
 core.game.container.access.InterfaceContainer
core/game/content/dialogue/TownCrierDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TownCrierDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.TownCrierDialogue$1
core/game/content/activity/guild/WizardGuildPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin$ProfessorImblewynDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin$RobeStoreDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin$WizardDistentorDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin$WizardFrumsconeDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.WizardGuildPlugin$ZavisticRarveDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/EdgevilleShopKeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EdgevilleShopKeeperDialogue
core/tools/RSAKeyGen.java
 core.tools.RSAKeyGen
core/game/interaction/item/QuestCapePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.QuestCapePlugin
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCAnimation.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCAnimation
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/PackYakNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.PackYakNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/BrimhavenArena.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenArena
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenArena$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenArena$PlankSet
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/spinning/SpinningItem.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.spinning.SpinningItem
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/ElunedDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.ElunedDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/SilverInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SilverInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SilverInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.SilverInterface$2
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCForceChat.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCForceChat
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/ButterPotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.ButterPotato
core/game/world/map/build/DynamicRegion.java
 core.game.world.map.build.DynamicRegion
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/PriestInPerilUsePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.PriestInPerilUsePlugin
core/tools/mysql/Query.java
 core.tools.mysql.Query
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/AgilityCourse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityCourse
core/game/interaction/inter/GameInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.GameInterface
plugin/ai/general/scriptrepository/Script.java
 plugin.ai.general.scriptrepository.Script
core/game/content/dialogue/HarryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HarryDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/AnjaDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AnjaDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/EstateAgentDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.EstateAgentDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CuffsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CuffsDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LeelaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LeelaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/Room.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.Room
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.Room$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/StallThiefPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.StallThiefPulse
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/AlbinoRatNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.AlbinoRatNPC
core/net/packet/in/CommandPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.CommandPacket
core/game/interaction/npc/BurthorpeOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.BurthorpeOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/npc/SpiritKyattOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SpiritKyattOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/KingArthurPoisonChalicePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.KingArthurPoisonChalicePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/HeronDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HeronDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/ExplorersRingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.ExplorersRingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/SummerPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.SummerPie
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/CombatInstructorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.CombatInstructorDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/effects/RockCakeEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.RockCakeEffect
core/game/system/monitor/PlayerMonitor.java
 core.game.system.monitor.PlayerMonitor
core/tools/mysql/Results.java
 core.tools.mysql.Results
core/game/content/dialogue/book/PageSet.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.PageSet
core/game/content/dialogue/CustomsOfficerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CustomsOfficerDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/MusicTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.MusicTabInterface
core/game/interaction/inter/SkillInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SkillInterface
core/game/content/dialogue/RugMerchantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RugMerchantDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.RugMerchantDialogue$RugDestination
 core.game.content.dialogue.RugMerchantDialogue$RugDestination$1
 core.game.content.dialogue.RugMerchantDialogue$RugMerchantPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/HerbTarPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.HerbTarPulse
core/game/content/consumable/Food.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Food
core/game/content/dialogue/ShantayDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShantayDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.ShantayDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/BuildOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildOptionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildOptionPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildOptionPlugin$RemoveDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/RingUnchargePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.RingUnchargePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/BorkNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$2
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$2$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$2$2
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$BorkCutscene
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$BorkCutscene$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$DagonDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$DagonElite
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BorkNPC$OrkLegion
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SliceAndDiceSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SliceAndDiceSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/BurdenBeast.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.BurdenBeast
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.BurdenBeast$1
core/game/ge/GEGuidePrice.java
 core.game.ge.GEGuidePrice
 core.game.ge.GEGuidePrice$GuideItem
 core.game.ge.GEGuidePrice$GuideType
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/sophanem/SphinxDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.sophanem.SphinxDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/AlmeraDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.AlmeraDialogue
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodWarsMinionNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodWarsMinionNPC
core/game/content/ttrail/ClueLevel.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.ClueLevel
 core.game.content.ttrail.ClueLevel$1
core/net/packet/context/AreaPositionContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.AreaPositionContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/falconry/FalconryCatchPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.falconry.FalconryCatchPulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.falconry.FalconryCatchPulse$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/DreadfowlNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DreadfowlNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DreadfowlNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.DreadfowlNPC$2
core/game/content/dialogue/SofiyaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SofiyaDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/TraibornDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TraibornDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.TraibornDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockSwordShopDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockSwordShopDialogue
core/game/node/entity/impl/Animator.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.Animator
 core.game.node.entity.impl.Animator$Priority
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/chapel/BoneOfferPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.chapel.BoneOfferPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.chapel.BoneOfferPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/AgilityHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$5
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$6
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$7
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityHandler$8
core/net/amsc/ManagementServerState.java
 core.net.amsc.ManagementServerState
core/game/interaction/object/ReadSignPostPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ReadSignPostPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.ReadSignPostPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.ReadSignPostPlugin$Signs
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/RockSlugPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.RockSlugPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.RockSlugPlugin$RockSlugNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.RockSlugPlugin$SaltBagHandler
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/WarTortoiseNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.WarTortoiseNPC
core/game/content/ame/events/lostpirate/CapnHandEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostpirate.CapnHandEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.lostpirate.CapnHandEvent$CapnHandDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirLancelotDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirLancelotDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/SpiritGraahkOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SpiritGraahkOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/WarstrikeSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.WarstrikeSpecialHandler
core/net/packet/in/ClientFocusPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ClientFocusPacket
core/net/packet/out/GameMessage.java
 core.net.packet.out.GameMessage
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/ProfessorHenryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.ProfessorHenryDialogue
core/net/packet/context/WalkOptionContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.WalkOptionContext
core/game/content/dialogue/BarkerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BarkerDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/CrystalChestPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CrystalChestPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.CrystalChestPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.CrystalChestPlugin$Reward
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/DescentOfDarknessSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.DescentOfDarknessSpecialHandler
core/game/system/script/ScriptCompiler.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptCompiler
 core.game.system.script.ScriptCompiler$1
core/net/packet/in/IdlePacketHandler.java
 core.net.packet.in.IdlePacketHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/SirReniteeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SirReniteeDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/ReldoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.ReldoDialogue
core/net/packet/in/RegionChangePacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.RegionChangePacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/AdmiralPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.AdmiralPie
core/game/content/dialogue/YuriDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.YuriDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/GnomeStrongholdPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.GnomeStrongholdPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.GnomeStrongholdPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.GnomeStrongholdPlugin$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockEastBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockEastBartenderDialogue
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/EctoplasmFillPlugin.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.EctoplasmFillPlugin
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.EctoplasmFillPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/InterfaceManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.InterfaceManager
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/ThievingOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.ThievingOptionPlugin
core/net/packet/out/CSConfigPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.CSConfigPacket
plugin/ai/system/GlobalAIManager.java
 plugin.ai.system.GlobalAIManager
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/WaterSourcePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSourcePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSourcePlugin$WaterRecipient
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSourcePlugin$WaterRecipient$1
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.WaterSourcePlugin$WaterRecipient$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/GraveStoneNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.GraveStoneNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.GraveStoneNPC$GraveStonePlugin
core/game/node/entity/player/link/music/MusicPlayer.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.music.MusicPlayer
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/SpellbookSwapSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.SpellbookSwapSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.SpellbookSwapSpell$1
core/game/content/dialogue/TrampDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TrampDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SmokeDevilNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SmokeDevilNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SmokeDevilNPC$1
core/net/packet/out/HintIcon.java
 core.net.packet.out.HintIcon
core/game/interaction/inter/BoltEnchantingInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.BoltEnchantingInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.BoltEnchantingInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.BoltEnchantingInterface$Bolts
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/ApplePie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.ApplePie
core/net/packet/context/StringContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.StringContext
core/net/packet/in/UpdateInterfaceCounter.java
 core.net.packet.in.UpdateInterfaceCounter
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/learningtheropes/CellarMapZone.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.learningtheropes.CellarMapZone
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/WallyCutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.WallyCutscenePlugin
core/game/node/entity/player/link/prayer/Prayer.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.Prayer
plugin/ai/skillingbot/SkillingBot.java
 plugin.ai.skillingbot.SkillingBot
core/game/content/dialogue/PhilopDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PhilopDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/NPCTalkPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.NPCTalkPlugin
core/game/node/entity/player/link/spawn/SpawnData.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.spawn.SpawnData
core/game/content/dialogue/HuraDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HuraDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CeolburgDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CeolburgDialogue
core/game/container/ContainerListener.java
 core.game.container.ContainerListener
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/WormbrainNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.WormbrainNPC
core/game/interaction/city/RCGuildMap.java
 core.game.interaction.city.RCGuildMap
core/tools/PlayerLoader.java
 core.tools.PlayerLoader
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/GhostVillagerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.GhostVillagerDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/WeaveOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.WeaveOptionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.WeaveOptionPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.WeaveOptionPlugin$WeavePulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.WeaveOptionPlugin$WeavingItem
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderMummyNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderMummyNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/LakkiDwarfDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LakkiDwarfDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DialogueInterpreter.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DialogueInterpreter
core/game/interaction/object/SlashWebPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SlashWebPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/falador/gardensupplier.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.falador.gardensupplier
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/BuildingUtils.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildingUtils
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildingUtils$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildingUtils$2
core/net/packet/context/LocationContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.LocationContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/smelting/Bar.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.smelting.Bar
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/SmithingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.SmithingPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/RockGolemDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RockGolemDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/ZaffPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZaffPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZaffPlugin$ZaffDialogue
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZaffPlugin$ZaffStaveDialogue
 core.game.interaction.npc.ZaffPlugin$ZaffStaveDialogue$1
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/StrongHoldOfPlayerSafetyPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.StrongHoldOfPlayerSafetyPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.StrongHoldOfPlayerSafetyPlugin$JailPlaques
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.StrongHoldOfPlayerSafetyPlugin$JailPlaques$1
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.StrongHoldOfPlayerSafetyPlugin$JailPlaques$2
core/game/content/dialogue/JoeGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JoeGuardDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/GalahadDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GalahadDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/WoodsmanTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WoodsmanTutorDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/MudPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.MudPie
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/ChargeSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.ChargeSpell
core/game/content/activity/mta/AlchemyGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.AlchemyGuardianDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/WeaponInterface.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.WeaponInterface
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.WeaponInterface$AttackStyle
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.WeaponInterface$WeaponInterfaces
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/ModernTeleportPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.ModernTeleportPlugin
core/net/packet/context/HintIconContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.HintIconContext
core/cache/def/impl/AnimationDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.AnimationDefinition
core/game/world/update/flag/player/HitUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.HitUpdateFlag
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/GoblinVillageNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.GoblinVillageNPC
core/game/node/entity/combat/DeathTask.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.DeathTask
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/GargoyleNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.GargoyleNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.GargoyleNPC$RockHammerHandler
core/game/interaction/inter/LeatherCraftInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.LeatherCraftInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.LeatherCraftInterface$1
core/game/interaction/item/MorphItemPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.MorphItemPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.MorphItemPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.MorphItemPlugin$MorphInterfacePlugin
core/game/content/activity/tzhaar/TzhaarFightPitsPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightPitsPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightPitsPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightPitsPlugin$2
core/game/content/dialogue/PrinceAliDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PrinceAliDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.PrinceAliDialogue$1
 core.game.content.dialogue.PrinceAliDialogue$2
core/game/interaction/npc/SawmillOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SawmillOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/PharoahSceptre.java
 core.game.interaction.item.PharoahSceptre
 core.game.interaction.item.PharoahSceptre$SceptreDialog
 core.game.interaction.item.PharoahSceptre$SceptreDialog$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/MakeDoughPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.MakeDoughPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.MakeDoughPlugin$MakeDoughDialogue
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodWarsFaction.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodWarsFaction
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/MossGiantGuardianNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.MossGiantGuardianNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.MossGiantGuardianNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/AbyssalLurkerNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.AbyssalLurkerNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/GarvDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GarvDialogue
core/game/system/mysql/SQLTable.java
 core.game.system.mysql.SQLTable
core/game/content/quest/free/blackknightsfortress/BKFortressPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.BKFortressPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.BKFortressPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.BKFortressPlugin$2
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/BonzoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.BonzoDialogue
core/game/interaction/MovementPulse.java
 core.game.interaction.MovementPulse
 core.game.interaction.MovementPulse$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/BrimhavenCourse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$5
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$6
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$7
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BrimhavenCourse$8
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderRoom
core/game/content/dialogue/PrinceBlackDragonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PrinceBlackDragonDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CamelDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CamelDialoguePlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/DesertGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.DesertGuardDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.DesertGuardDialogue$DesertGuardNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.DesertGuardDialogue$DesertGuardNPC$1
core/game/interaction/inter/DeathInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.DeathInterfacePlugin
core/game/interaction/object/dmc/DMCHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler$1
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler$2
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler$3
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler$3$1
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCHandler$4
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/RatBurgissDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.RatBurgissDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/HighwayManNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.HighwayManNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/GWDKnightDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GWDKnightDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.GWDKnightDialogue$1
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/TutorialStage.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$1
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$1$1
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$10
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$11
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$12
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$13
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$14
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$15
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$16
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$17
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$18
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$19
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$2
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$20
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$21
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$22
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$23
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$24
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$25
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$26
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$27
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$28
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$29
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$3
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$30
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$31
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$32
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$33
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$34
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$35
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$36
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$37
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$38
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$39
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$4
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$40
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$41
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$42
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$43
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$44
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$45
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$46
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$47
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$48
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$49
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$5
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$50
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$51
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$52
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$53
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$54
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$55
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$56
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$57
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$58
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$59
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$6
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$60
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$61
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$62
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$63
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$64
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$65
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$66
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$67
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$68
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$69
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$7
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$70
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$71
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$72
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$8
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialStage$9
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/StrayDogBonesPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.StrayDogBonesPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/ChestKeyPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.ChestKeyPlugin
core/game/system/script/ParamCall.java
 core.game.system.script.ParamCall
core/game/content/dialogue/ExplorerJackDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ExplorerJackDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/drilldemon/DrillDemonEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.drilldemon.DrillDemonEvent
 core.game.content.ame.events.drilldemon.DrillDemonEvent$1
core/cache/crypto/ISAACCipher.java
 core.cache.crypto.ISAACCipher
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/PotteryPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.PotteryPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.PotteryPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.PotteryPlugin$FireOvenPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.PotteryPlugin$FireOvenPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.PotteryPlugin$FireOvenPlugin$FireUseHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/HofutThandDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HofutThandDialogue
core/game/content/activity/mta/RewardsGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.RewardsGuardianDialogue
core/net/packet/context/BuildObjectContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.BuildObjectContext
core/net/packet/context/CSConfigContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.CSConfigContext
core/game/content/dialogue/DoorPerilDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DoorPerilDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/pet/PetDetails.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.pet.PetDetails
core/game/interaction/object/ChampionsArenaPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ChampionsArenaPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritDagannothNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritDagannothNPC
core/net/packet/context/DefaultContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.DefaultContext
plugin/ai/pvmbots/PvMBots.java
 plugin.ai.pvmbots.PvMBots
core/game/content/dialogue/HistanDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HistanDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FenitasDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FenitasDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/CabinBoyJenkins.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CabinBoyJenkins
core/net/packet/out/CloseInterface.java
 core.net.packet.out.CloseInterface
core/game/content/zone/fremmenik/FremmenikPlugin.java
 core.game.content.zone.fremmenik.FremmenikPlugin
plugin/ai/wilderness/PvPBotsBuilder.java
 plugin.ai.wilderness.PvPBotsBuilder
core/game/node/entity/skill/SkillRestoration.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.SkillRestoration
core/game/content/dialogue/DiangoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DiangoDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/effects/SuperKebabEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.SuperKebabEffect
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GodWarsNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodWarsNPC
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GodWarsNPC$1
core/game/content/global/report/AbuseReport.java
 core.game.content.global.report.AbuseReport
core/game/world/map/RegionManager.java
 core.game.world.map.RegionManager
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/AnaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.AnaDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.AnaDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.AnaDialogue$AnaBarrelHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.AnaDialogue$AnaNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BeaverNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BeaverNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BeaverNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BeaverNPC$1$1
core/net/packet/out/LoginPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.LoginPacket
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/PoisonWeaponPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.PoisonWeaponPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.PoisonWeaponPlugin$PoisonedWeapon
core/game/world/update/flag/context/ChatMessage.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.context.ChatMessage
core/game/content/dialogue/ZahwaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ZahwaDialogue
core/game/content/activity/wguild/animator/AnimationRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.animator.AnimationRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.animator.AnimationRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.animator.AnimationRoom$2
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.animator.AnimationRoom$ArmourSet
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/WildPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.WildPie
core/net/packet/context/ContainerContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ContainerContext
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/AliTheKebabSeller.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.AliTheKebabSeller
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/combatroom/CombatRing.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.combatroom.CombatRing
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/GuardMummyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.GuardMummyDialogue
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GWDZilyanaSwingHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDZilyanaSwingHandler
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDZilyanaSwingHandler$1
core/game/node/item/ItemPlugin.java
 core.game.node.item.ItemPlugin
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCDefilerNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCDefilerNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCDefilerNPC$1
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/LadyKeliRopePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.LadyKeliRopePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/SummonFamiliarPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.SummonFamiliarPlugin
core/game/system/script/context/PDialInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.PDialInstruction
core/game/interaction/item/withnpc/GertrudeCatUsePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.GertrudeCatUsePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withnpc.GertrudeCatUsePlugin$1
core/net/packet/out/WeightUpdate.java
 core.net.packet.out.WeightUpdate
core/game/content/dialogue/CassieDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CassieDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/BarSqueezeShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.BarSqueezeShortcut
core/game/content/dialogue/YadvigaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.YadvigaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/SkillPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.SkillPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/AhabDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AhabDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/ProdActionHandler.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.ProdActionHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.ProdActionHandler$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.ProdActionHandler$2
core/game/content/ame/events/shade/ShadeEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.shade.ShadeEvent
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/GraniteCrabNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.GraniteCrabNPC
core/game/system/monitor/DuplicationLog.java
 core.game.system.monitor.DuplicationLog
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GWDGraardorSwingHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDGraardorSwingHandler
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDGraardorSwingHandler$1
core/game/content/dialogue/PendaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PendaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/MossTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MossTitanNPC
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/SwampHoleRopePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SwampHoleRopePlugin
core/game/content/ttrail/EmoteClueScroll.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.EmoteClueScroll
core/game/content/dialogue/GodswordDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GodswordDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/PMessageInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.PMessageInstruction
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/DemonSlayer.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayer
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayer$CaptainRovinDialogue
core/game/content/zone/ChaosTunnelZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.ChaosTunnelZone
 core.game.content.zone.ChaosTunnelZone$1
core/game/content/activity/mta/AlchemySpell.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.AlchemySpell
core/game/interaction/object/VampireSlayerPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.VampireSlayerPlugin
core/game/interaction/object/LadderManagingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LadderManagingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/SuperheatSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.SuperheatSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/ArchaeologicalExpertDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ArchaeologicalExpertDialogue
core/cache/def/impl/RenderAnimationDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.RenderAnimationDefinition
core/game/content/dialogue/CharlieTheTrampDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CharlieTheTrampDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/FieldPickingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.FieldPickingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.FieldPickingPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.FieldPickingPlugin$PickingPlant
core/game/content/dialogue/GerrantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GerrantDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderSwarmNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderSwarmNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/CombinationRune.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.CombinationRune
core/game/interaction/inter/SmeltingInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SmeltingInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SmeltingInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.SmeltingInterface$BarButton
core/game/content/ame/AntiMacroHandler.java
 core.game.content.ame.AntiMacroHandler
core/game/interaction/inter/RequestAssistInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.RequestAssistInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/CaveBugNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.CaveBugNPC
core/game/container/Container.java
 core.game.container.Container
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/TutorialIslandPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.TutorialIslandPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ImpaleSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ImpaleSpecialHandler
core/net/packet/in/PingPacketHandler.java
 core.net.packet.in.PingPacketHandler
core/game/world/GameType.java
 core.game.world.GameType
core/game/content/dialogue/SanibochDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SanibochDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/BrianArcheryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BrianArcheryDialogue
core/game/interaction/npc/bob/BobRepairItem.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.bob.BobRepairItem
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/BrutalDragonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BrutalDragonNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/ZanarisSqueezeShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.ZanarisSqueezeShortcut
core/game/content/dialogue/GhommalDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GhommalDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/CowNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.CowNPC
core/game/content/global/SkillingPets.java
 core.game.content.global.SkillingPets
core/game/node/entity/combat/ImpactHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.ImpactHandler
 core.game.node.entity.combat.ImpactHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.combat.ImpactHandler$HitsplatType
 core.game.node.entity.combat.ImpactHandler$Impact
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/ZombieRatNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ZombieRatNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/FishSpots.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishSpots
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GWDKreeArraSwingHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDKreeArraSwingHandler
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDKreeArraSwingHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/impl/Properties.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.Properties
core/net/packet/in/ActionButtonPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ActionButtonPacket
 core.net.packet.in.ActionButtonPacket$1
core/game/content/dialogue/book/Page.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.Page
core/game/content/quest/members/GertrudesCat.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.GertrudesCat
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/SchoolchildMuseumDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.SchoolchildMuseumDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/RufusDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RufusDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/ConeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ConeDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/asoulsbane/ASoulsBane.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBane
 core.game.content.quest.members.asoulsbane.ASoulsBane$JournalEntries
core/game/content/dialogue/GunthorBraveDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GunthorBraveDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FortressGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FortressGuardDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MineSlaveNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MineSlaveNPC
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/SpiritShieldBlessPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SpiritShieldBlessPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SpiritShieldBlessPlugin$SpiritShieldMakePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.SpiritShieldBlessPlugin$SpiritShieldMakePlugin$1
core/game/node/object/Constructed.java
 core.game.node.object.Constructed
core/game/world/repository/InitializingNodeList.java
 core.game.world.repository.InitializingNodeList
core/game/component/CloseEvent.java
 core.game.component.CloseEvent
core/game/world/update/flag/chunk/ItemUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.chunk.ItemUpdateFlag
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/OutlawNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.OutlawNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/drop/NPCDropTables.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.drop.NPCDropTables
core/game/node/entity/player/link/music/MusicEntry.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.music.MusicEntry
core/game/content/activity/clanwars/ClanWarsChallengeRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.ClanWarsChallengeRoom
core/game/content/quest/free/ErnestTheChicken.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.ErnestTheChicken
 core.game.content.quest.free.ErnestTheChicken$ErnestChickenNPC
 core.game.content.quest.free.ErnestTheChicken$ErnestNPC
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/GypsyArisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.GypsyArisDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.GypsyArisDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.GypsyArisDialogue$2
core/net/packet/out/AnimateObjectPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.AnimateObjectPacket
core/net/packet/context/SkillContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.SkillContext
core/game/content/dialogue/AablaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AablaDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.AablaDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/CrestType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestRequirement
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$4
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$5
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$6
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$7
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$8
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.CrestType$9
core/game/content/quest/free/blackknightsfortress/SirAmikVarzeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.blackknightsfortress.SirAmikVarzeDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/woodcutting/WoodcuttingNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.woodcutting.WoodcuttingNode
core/game/content/dialogue/ManDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ManDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/DarkWizardNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.DarkWizardNPC
core/game/node/item/WeightedChanceItem.java
 core.game.node.item.WeightedChanceItem
core/game/content/consumable/effects/SmellingUgthankiKebabEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.SmellingUgthankiKebabEffect
core/game/node/entity/combat/CombatSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.CombatSpell
core/game/content/eco/EconomyManagement.java
 core.game.content.eco.EconomyManagement
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/MonkeyBarShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.MonkeyBarShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.MonkeyBarShortcut$1
core/game/interaction/npc/HairCutPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.HairCutPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/FortunatoDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FortunatoDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/MeatPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.MeatPie
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/Rune.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.Rune
core/game/node/entity/player/info/login/Response.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.Response
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/IceTitanNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.IceTitanNPC
core/game/system/SystemUpdate.java
 core.game.system.SystemUpdate
 core.game.system.SystemUpdate$1
core/game/system/task/TaskExecutor.java
 core.game.system.task.TaskExecutor
core/game/interaction/city/DraynorNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorNodePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorNodePlugin$TelescopeCutscene
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorNodePlugin$TelescopeCutscene$1
 core.game.interaction.city.DraynorNodePlugin$TelescopeCutscene$EndDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DragonSlayer.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayer
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayer$1
core/game/content/dialogue/FaridMorrisaneDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaridMorrisaneDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/SilverCastingInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SilverCastingInterfacePlugin
core/game/content/activity/barrows/BarrowsCrypt.java
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsCrypt
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.BarrowsCrypt$1
core/game/interaction/city/LumbridgeNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.LumbridgeNodePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.LumbridgeNodePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.LumbridgeNodePlugin$ArcheryTargetPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/SquireDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SquireDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/GnomeCopterPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.GnomeCopterPlugin
core/game/world/update/flag/chunk/ProjectileUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.chunk.ProjectileUpdateFlag
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/PickableDoorHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.PickableDoorHandler
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.PickableDoorHandler$PickableDoor
core/game/interaction/object/GuidorDoorPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.GuidorDoorPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/alkharid/AliTheLeafletDropper.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.alkharid.AliTheLeafletDropper
core/game/content/dialogue/SimpleDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SimpleDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/MuseumHistorianDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.MuseumHistorianDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/WaterfallTreeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallTreeDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallTreeDialogue$1
core/game/content/quest/free/RuneMysteries.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.RuneMysteries
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/MakeSuperCombatPotionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.MakeSuperCombatPotionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.MakeSuperCombatPotionPlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/CradleOfLifeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.CradleOfLifeDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/LumbridgeGuideDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LumbridgeGuideDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/HerderSheepNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.HerderSheepNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.HerderSheepNPC$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.HerderSheepNPC$2
core/game/content/zone/CrandorZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.CrandorZone
core/game/interaction/city/lumbridge/GnomeCopterSign.java
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.GnomeCopterSign
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.GnomeCopterSign$SignDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/LostCity.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.LostCity
core/cache/def/impl/ItemDefinition.java
 core.cache.def.impl.ItemDefinition
 core.cache.def.impl.ItemDefinition$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/MetalDragonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.MetalDragonNPC
core/game/content/zone/wbisland/WaterBirthIslandZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.wbisland.WaterBirthIslandZone
core/game/content/global/EnchantedJewellery.java
 core.game.content.global.EnchantedJewellery
 core.game.content.global.EnchantedJewellery$1
core/game/interaction/city/KaramajaOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.KaramajaOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.KaramajaOptionPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/NodeUsageEvent.java
 core.game.interaction.NodeUsageEvent
core/game/content/global/action/DropItemHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.action.DropItemHandler
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirPalomedes.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirPalomedes
core/game/interaction/object/RedberryBushPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.RedberryBushPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/AncientMaceSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.AncientMaceSpecialHandler
core/game/container/impl/EquipmentContainer.java
 core.game.container.impl.EquipmentContainer
 core.game.container.impl.EquipmentContainer$EquipmentListener
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/FaladorGrapplePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.FaladorGrapplePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.FaladorGrapplePlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/RampageSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.RampageSpecialHandler
core/game/system/mysql/impl/PlayerLogSQLHandler.java
 core.game.system.mysql.impl.PlayerLogSQLHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/SawmillOperator.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SawmillOperator
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AvasDevicePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AvasDevicePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AvasDevicePlugin$DisableDevicePlugin
core/game/interaction/npc/ShooAwayStrayDogPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ShooAwayStrayDogPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/Metamorphosis.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.Metamorphosis
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/TormentedDemonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TormentedDemonNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TormentedDemonNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.TormentedDemonNPC$TormentedDemonSwingHandler
core/game/world/map/Direction.java
 core.game.world.map.Direction
core/game/system/mysql/SQLEntryHandler.java
 core.game.system.mysql.SQLEntryHandler
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PlunderObjectManager.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PlunderObjectManager
core/game/interaction/npc/SecurityGuardPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.SecurityGuardPlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.SecurityGuardPlugin$SecurityGuardDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/WerewolfNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.WerewolfNPC
core/net/packet/out/SkillLevel.java
 core.net.packet.out.SkillLevel
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/NedDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.NedDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/FletchingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPlugin$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.FletchingPlugin$3
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritCobraNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritCobraNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritCobraNPC$Egg
core/game/content/global/GodType.java
 core.game.content.global.GodType
 core.game.content.global.GodType$1
 core.game.content.global.GodType$1$1
core/game/content/dialogue/DairyChurnOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DairyChurnOptionPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/toys/SnowGlobePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.SnowGlobePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.SnowGlobePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.SnowGlobePlugin$1$1
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.SnowGlobePlugin$SnowGlobeInterface
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.SnowGlobePlugin$SnowGlobeInterface$1
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/FishingContest.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingContest
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/RoomProperties.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.RoomProperties
core/game/interaction/city/MonasteryPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.MonasteryPlugin
core/game/content/zone/WildernessAreaZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$1
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$MandrithDialoguePlugin
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$PilesDialoguePlugin
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$PilesItemHandler
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$RuniteGolemMinePulse
 core.game.content.zone.WildernessAreaZone$RuniteGolemNPC
core/game/content/consumable/effects/MultiEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.MultiEffect
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/pollnivneach/StreetUrchinDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.pollnivneach.StreetUrchinDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/BallInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.BallInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.BallInteraction$1
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/WitchsDiaryBook.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsDiaryBook
core/game/content/global/travel/MinigameGroupFinder.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.MinigameGroupFinder
 core.game.content.global.travel.MinigameGroupFinder$MinigameOptions
core/game/content/activity/mta/MTAType.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAType
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAType$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAType$2
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAType$3
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAType$4
core/game/world/objectparser/ObjectParser.java
 core.game.world.objectparser.ObjectParser
core/game/interaction/object/ModeratorObject.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ModeratorObject
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/IceCleaveSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.IceCleaveSpecialHandler
core/game/content/ame/events/rivertroll/RiverTrollEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.rivertroll.RiverTrollEvent
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/ShatterSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.ShatterSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/DragonCraftPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.DragonCraftPulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/SlicedMushroom.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.SlicedMushroom
core/game/content/consumable/effects/PercentHeal.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.PercentHeal
core/game/content/dialogue/LeatherCraftDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LeatherCraftDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.LeatherCraftDialogue$1
 core.game.content.dialogue.LeatherCraftDialogue$2
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/FatherAereckDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.FatherAereckDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/player/ForceMovementFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.ForceMovementFlag
core/game/content/dialogue/LucyPartyRoomDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LucyPartyRoomDialoguePlugin
core/game/interaction/npc/sorceress_app/SorceressApprenticePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.sorceress_app.SorceressApprenticePlugin
 core.game.interaction.npc.sorceress_app.SorceressApprenticePlugin$SorceressStairs
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/tutorialisland/SurvivalExpertDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.tutorialisland.SurvivalExpertDialogue
core/net/packet/in/MouseClickPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.MouseClickPacket
core/game/world/map/build/MapscapeParser.java
 core.game.world.map.build.MapscapeParser
core/game/content/dialogue/EdgevilleMonkDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EdgevilleMonkDialogue
core/game/world/map/path/Path.java
 core.game.world.map.path.Path
core/game/content/quest/free/DoricsQuest.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.DoricsQuest
core/game/node/entity/state/StatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.StatePulse
core/game/node/entity/player/link/spawn/PKPackage.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.spawn.PKPackage
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/RedberryPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.RedberryPie
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/ConstructionInterface.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.ConstructionInterface
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AnimalMagnetismPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$ContainerHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$HammerMagnetPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$HammerMagnetPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$HammerMagnetPlugin$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$ResearchNoteHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$UndeadTreePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AnimalMagnetismPlugin$UndeadTreePlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/puropuro/WanderingImplingDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.WanderingImplingDialogue
core/net/packet/context/ClearChunkContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ClearChunkContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/MagicStaff.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.MagicStaff
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/SweepSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.SweepSpecialHandler
core/game/content/global/RepairItem.java
 core.game.content.global.RepairItem
core/game/content/dialogue/DenulthDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DenulthDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/player/ForceChatFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.ForceChatFlag
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/Seddu.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Seddu
core/game/content/dialogue/CandleSellerPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CandleSellerPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/CandleMakerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.CandleMakerDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.CandleMakerDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/ShadowSpells.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.ShadowSpells
core/game/content/dialogue/BeaverDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BeaverDialogue
core/game/content/activity/mta/MTAShop.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAShop
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAShop$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAShop$2
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAShop$3
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MTAShop$MTAShopPlugin
core/game/system/SystemManager.java
 core.game.system.SystemManager
 core.game.system.SystemManager$1
core/net/amsc/MSPacketRepository.java
 core.net.amsc.MSPacketRepository
 core.net.amsc.MSPacketRepository$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/FireplacePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.FireplacePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.FireplacePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/FishingSpotInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingSpotInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingSpotInteraction$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingSpotInteraction$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingSpotInteraction$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FishingSpotInteraction$4
core/game/content/consumable/effects/MatureWmbEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.MatureWmbEffect
core/game/interaction/item/toys/ChocatriceCape.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.ChocatriceCape
core/game/content/activity/mta/TelekineticGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.TelekineticGuardianDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FaladorShopKeeperDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaladorShopKeeperDialogue
core/net/packet/out/RunScriptPacket.java
 core.net.packet.out.RunScriptPacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/SnakeSkinPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.SnakeSkinPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/book/GrimDiary.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.book.GrimDiary
plugin/drops/mystery_box/MysteryBoxPlugin.java
 plugin.drops.mystery_box.MysteryBoxPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/OutpostSquireDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.OutpostSquireDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/VeronicaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VeronicaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/quest/gertrudes_cat/FluffNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.quest.gertrudes_cat.FluffNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/PlankMeSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.PlankMeSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.PlankMeSpell$Plank
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningPouch.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningPouch
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/FurnaceOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.FurnaceOptionPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.FurnaceOptionPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.FurnaceOptionPlugin$SmeltUseWithHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/workshop/ClockmakersBenchPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ClockmakersBenchPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ClockmakersBenchPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ClockmakersBenchPlugin$ClockmakerBenchDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ClockmakersBenchPlugin$Craftable
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/FamiliarManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.FamiliarManager
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/HouseTeleportPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.HouseTeleportPlugin
plugin/ai/resource/task/ResourceTasks.java
 plugin.ai.resource.task.ResourceTasks
 plugin.ai.resource.task.ResourceTasks$1
core/tools/RandomFunction.java
 core.tools.RandomFunction
core/game/content/dialogue/DunstanDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DunstanDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/diary/AchievementDiaryManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.diary.AchievementDiaryManager
core/game/interaction/item/GodswordDismantlePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.GodswordDismantlePlugin
core/game/content/activity/ActivityManager.java
 core.game.content.activity.ActivityManager
core/game/node/entity/state/StateManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.StateManager
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCHitFlag1.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCHitFlag1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/BeerBarrelPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.BeerBarrelPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/RoomikDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RoomikDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/NPCDialInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.NPCDialInstruction
core/game/content/ame/events/evilchicken/EvilChickenRandomEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.evilchicken.EvilChickenRandomEvent
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AliceHusbandDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$5
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceHusbandDialogue$ChickenCatchScene
core/game/content/cutscene/DBRCutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.DBRCutscenePlugin
 core.game.content.cutscene.DBRCutscenePlugin$1
 core.game.content.cutscene.DBRCutscenePlugin$BluePhatItem
 core.game.content.cutscene.DBRCutscenePlugin$DBRecordingNPC
 core.game.content.cutscene.DBRCutscenePlugin$RecordingPulse
core/game/content/ame/events/shade/ShadeNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.shade.ShadeNPC
core/game/interaction/object/LookAtOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LookAtOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerRewardPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerRewardPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerRewardPlugin$SlayerHelmCraftPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerRewardPlugin$SlayerHelmCraftPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerRewardPlugin$SlayerMasterPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SigurdDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SigurdDialogue
core/net/packet/context/InteractionOptionContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.InteractionOptionContext
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/IbanBlast.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.IbanBlast
plugin/ai/pvmbots/DragonKiller.java
 plugin.ai.pvmbots.DragonKiller
core/game/content/zone/phasmatys/TokenCollectOption.java
 core.game.content.zone.phasmatys.TokenCollectOption
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/HunterManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterManager
core/net/packet/out/BuildDynamicScene.java
 core.net.packet.out.BuildDynamicScene
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/CrumbleUndead.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.CrumbleUndead
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritScorpionNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritScorpionNPC
plugin/ai/system/predicate/PredicateType.java
 plugin.ai.system.predicate.PredicateType
core/game/interaction/object/dmc/DMCRevolution.java
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$1
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$2
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$3
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$4
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$5
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$6
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$7
 core.game.interaction.object.dmc.DMCRevolution$8
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/BarbarianMixPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.BarbarianMixPlugin
plugin/ai/AIPBuilder.java
 plugin.ai.AIPBuilder
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapNode
core/game/content/activity/magearena/ChamberGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.ChamberGuardianDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/TouristTrap.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrap
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.TouristTrap$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/BurdenInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.BurdenInterfacePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.BurdenInterfacePlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/audio/AudioManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.audio.AudioManager
core/game/world/update/flag/PlayerFlags.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.PlayerFlags
core/game/node/entity/npc/drop/SharedTables.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.drop.SharedTables
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/Tars.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.Tars
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/LostCityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.LostCityPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.LostCityPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/darts/DartPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.darts.DartPulse
core/game/content/consumable/effects/WizardsMindBombEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.WizardsMindBombEffect
core/game/content/dialogue/EadburgDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EadburgDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/emote/Emotes.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$2
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$3
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$4
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$5
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$6
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$7
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$8
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$9
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.emote.Emotes$9$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/DuckNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.DuckNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/RopeSwing.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.RopeSwing
core/game/content/consumable/Drink.java
 core.game.content.consumable.Drink
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/ToppingRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.ToppingRecipe
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/armour/SnakeSkin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.armour.SnakeSkin
core/game/interaction/item/SkullSceptreOption.java
 core.game.interaction.item.SkullSceptreOption
core/game/content/dialogue/RanaelDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.RanaelDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/DragonPlatebody.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.DragonPlatebody
core/game/node/entity/player/info/login/LoginConfiguration.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.LoginConfiguration
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.LoginConfiguration$1
core/game/content/activity/clanwars/CWChallengeOption.java
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.CWChallengeOption
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.CWChallengeOption$1
 core.game.content.activity.clanwars.CWChallengeOption$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/RuneCraftPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.RuneCraftPulse
core/game/content/quest/members/dwarfcannon/NulodionDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.dwarfcannon.NulodionDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/WitchsExperimentNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsExperimentNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsExperimentNPC$ExperimentType
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsExperimentNPC$ExperimentType$1
core/net/packet/in/MusicPacketHandler.java
 core.net.packet.in.MusicPacketHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/FredTheFarmer.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FredTheFarmer
core/game/interaction/player/LoginValidationPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.player.LoginValidationPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/LumbridgeSwampGiantRatNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.LumbridgeSwampGiantRatNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/RoomBuilder.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.RoomBuilder
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.RoomBuilder$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/package-info.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.package-info
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/CompostMoundNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CompostMoundNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CompostMoundNPC$CompostBucketPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.CompostMoundNPC$CompostMoundDialogue
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/surok/HuntForSurokPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.surok.HuntForSurokPlugin
core/game/content/global/GodBook.java
 core.game.content.global.GodBook
core/game/system/script/ScriptEntry.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptEntry
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/DarkBowDyePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.DarkBowDyePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.DarkBowDyePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.DarkBowDyePlugin$DarkBowCleanPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.DarkBowDyePlugin$DarkBowCleanPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/corp/DarkEnergyCoreNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.DarkEnergyCoreNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.corp.DarkEnergyCoreNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/NechryaelNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.NechryaelNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.NechryaelNPC$DeathSpawnNPC
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/MacawNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MacawNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MacawNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MacawNPC$MacawDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/DemonSlayerCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DarkWizardNPC
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DelrithDialoguePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DelrithDialoguePlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DelrithNPC
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DenathDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.DemonSlayerCutscene$DenathDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/fishing/FishingOption.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fishing.FishingOption
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerPlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelArea.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea$1
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea$2
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea$3
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea$4
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelArea$ForfeitTrapdoorPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/EmeraldBenedictDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EmeraldBenedictDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/TeleTabsOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.TeleTabsOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.TeleTabsOptionPlugin$TeleTabs
core/game/content/dialogue/MonkeyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MonkeyDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/KaramthulhuOverlordNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.KaramthulhuOverlordNPC
core/net/packet/in/ItemActionPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.ItemActionPacket
 core.net.packet.in.ItemActionPacket$1
 core.net.packet.in.ItemActionPacket$2
core/game/interaction/object/GnomeSpiritTreePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.GnomeSpiritTreePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/WaterFiendNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.WaterFiendNPC
core/game/ge/BuyingLimitation.java
 core.game.ge.BuyingLimitation
core/game/interaction/item/toys/DiangoOptionHandler.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.DiangoOptionHandler
core/game/content/activity/wguild/barrel/BarrelRoom.java
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.barrel.BarrelRoom
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.barrel.BarrelRoom$1
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.barrel.BarrelRoom$2
 core.game.content.activity.wguild.barrel.BarrelRoom$2$1
core/game/content/global/worldevents/shootingstar/StarChartPlugin.java
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.StarChartPlugin
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.StarChartPlugin$StarChartOptions
plugin/ai/pvp/PVPAIPBuilderUtils.java
 plugin.ai.pvp.PVPAIPBuilderUtils
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/HealingBladeSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.HealingBladeSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/items/grapple/GrapplePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.items.grapple.GrapplePulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/Tasks.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.Tasks
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/MagicDart.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.MagicDart
core/game/ge/GrandExchangeDatabase.java
 core.game.ge.GrandExchangeDatabase
core/game/content/holiday/HolidayItem.java
 core.game.content.holiday.HolidayItem
 core.game.content.holiday.HolidayItem$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/alkharid/AlTheCamelDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.alkharid.AlTheCamelDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/CombatTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.CombatTabInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.CombatTabInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.CombatTabInterface$2
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/TanningProduct.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.TanningProduct
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/JewelleryCraftPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.JewelleryCraftPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/SilverStringingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.SilverStringingPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/DartTrap.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.DartTrap
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.DartTrap$1
core/net/packet/out/UpdateSceneGraph.java
 core.net.packet.out.UpdateSceneGraph
plugin/ai/system/android/CombatDroid.java
 plugin.ai.system.android.CombatDroid
core/game/interaction/city/VarrockNodePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.VarrockNodePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.VarrockNodePlugin$KnockatDoorDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.VarrockNodePlugin$KnockatDoorDialogue$1
core/game/content/global/travel/canoe/Canoe.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.canoe.Canoe
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ShopNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ShopNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/FishPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.FishPie
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/AirSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.AirSpell
core/game/node/entity/skill/thieving/ThievableChestPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.ThievableChestPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.ThievableChestPlugin$Chest
 core.game.node.entity.skill.thieving.ThievableChestPlugin$Chest$1
core/game/content/quest/free/demonslayer/SirPyrsinDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.SirPyrsinDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.demonslayer.SirPyrsinDialogue$1
core/game/interaction/item/DragonfireShieldPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.DragonfireShieldPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.DragonfireShieldPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.DragonfireShieldPlugin$DFSItemPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/LidioDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LidioDialogue
core/game/system/task/ItemLogoutTask.java
 core.game.system.task.ItemLogoutTask
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/TrapDismantlePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.TrapDismantlePulse
core/game/node/entity/player/link/prayer/DrainTask.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.prayer.DrainTask
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/ChiselLimestonePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.ChiselLimestonePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/AgilityShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.AgilityShortcut
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/EctophialFillPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.EctophialFillPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.EctophialFillPlugin$1
core/game/content/activity/partyroom/PartyRoomPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin$DepositInterfaceHandler
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin$DepositInterfaceHandler$1
 core.game.content.activity.partyroom.PartyRoomPlugin$DepositInterfaceHandler$2
core/net/packet/out/UpdateAreaPosition.java
 core.net.packet.out.UpdateAreaPosition
core/game/content/cutscene/JulietDialogue.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.JulietDialogue
 core.game.content.cutscene.JulietDialogue$1
 core.game.content.cutscene.JulietDialogue$2
core/game/system/script/ScriptBuilder.java
 core.game.system.script.ScriptBuilder
core/game/node/entity/player/link/WarningMessages.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.WarningMessages
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.WarningMessages$WarningMessage
core/game/content/global/worldevents/shootingstar/ScoreboardManager.java
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.ScoreboardManager
core/game/interaction/npc/ThessaliaPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.ThessaliaPlugin
core/game/content/activity/tzhaar/TzhaarFightCaveNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCaveNPC
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCaveNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCaveNPC$2
 core.game.content.activity.tzhaar.TzhaarFightCaveNPC$CombatAction
core/game/content/quest/free/goblindiplomacy/GrubfootDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GrubfootDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/sorceress/GardenObjectsPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$2
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$3
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$HerbDefinition
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$OsmanDialogue
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$SeasonDefinitions
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$SqirkJuicePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.sorceress.GardenObjectsPlugin$SqirkMakingDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/lumbridge/CowFieldSign.java
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.CowFieldSign
 core.game.interaction.city.lumbridge.CowFieldSign$SignDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/InfernalMageNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.InfernalMageNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/TiaraPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.TiaraPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/IslwynDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.IslwynDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/SigmundDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SigmundDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/AliceDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.AliceDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/BuildHotspot.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.BuildHotspot
core/game/content/activity/gnomecopter/GnomeCopterActivity.java
 core.game.content.activity.gnomecopter.GnomeCopterActivity
 core.game.content.activity.gnomecopter.GnomeCopterActivity$1
 core.game.content.activity.gnomecopter.GnomeCopterActivity$2
core/game/system/task/NodeTask.java
 core.game.system.task.NodeTask
 core.game.system.task.NodeTask$1
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/SkullStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.SkullStatePulse
core/game/node/entity/lock/LockElapse.java
 core.game.node.entity.lock.LockElapse
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/DegradableEquipment.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.DegradableEquipment
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/StravenDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.StravenDialogue
core/game/world/map/zone/MapZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.MapZone
core/game/content/dialogue/MazionDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MazionDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/KayleeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KayleeDialogue
core/game/content/global/action/DigSpadeHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.action.DigSpadeHandler
 core.game.content.global.action.DigSpadeHandler$1
core/game/content/global/travel/ship/Ships.java
 core.game.content.global.travel.ship.Ships
core/game/content/holiday/HolidayEvent.java
 core.game.content.holiday.HolidayEvent
core/game/content/zone/rellekka/SailorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.SailorDialogue
core/game/system/mysql/impl/HighscoreSQLHandler.java
 core.game.system.mysql.impl.HighscoreSQLHandler
core/game/content/dialogue/GnomeTrainerPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GnomeTrainerPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/SarahFarmingPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SarahFarmingPlugin
core/net/ServerSocketConnection.java
 core.net.ServerSocketConnection
core/net/packet/out/ConstructGroundItem.java
 core.net.packet.out.ConstructGroundItem
core/game/interaction/object/GrandExchangePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangePlugin$GENPCPlugin
core/game/interaction/object/BarrowsTunnelShortcut.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BarrowsTunnelShortcut
core/game/interaction/object/MoyrtniaSwampPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.MoyrtniaSwampPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/AggieDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AggieDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/context/Animation.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.context.Animation
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PCIslandZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PCIslandZone
plugin/ai/system/predicate/impl/AppearancePredicate.java
 plugin.ai.system.predicate.impl.AppearancePredicate
core/game/interaction/item/brawling_gloves/BrawlingGloves.java
 core.game.interaction.item.brawling_gloves.BrawlingGloves
core/net/packet/in/SlotSwitchPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.SlotSwitchPacket
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/UncookedEgg.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.UncookedEgg
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/RemoteViewer.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.RemoteViewer
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.RemoteViewer$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.RemoteViewer$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.RemoteViewer$ViewType
core/game/interaction/inter/LeatherCraftPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.LeatherCraftPlugin
core/net/packet/context/DisplayModelContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.DisplayModelContext
 core.net.packet.context.DisplayModelContext$ModelType
core/game/interaction/item/DustHandPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.DustHandPlugin
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/KaramjanSilkPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.KaramjanSilkPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/JogreNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.JogreNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SkeletalWyvernNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SkeletalWyvernNPC
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/RequestManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.RequestManager
core/net/packet/in/WalkPacket.java
 core.net.packet.in.WalkPacket
 core.net.packet.in.WalkPacket$1
core/game/node/entity/player/info/Rights.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.Rights
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.Rights$1
core/game/content/dialogue/PeksaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.PeksaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/impl/PulseManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.PulseManager
 core.game.node.entity.impl.PulseManager$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/kitchen/ShelfPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.kitchen.ShelfPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.kitchen.ShelfPlugin$ShelfDialogue
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/StrongHoldSecurityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin$1
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin$2
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin$ExplorerDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin$StrongholdComponentPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.StrongHoldSecurityPlugin$StrongholdDialogue
core/game/content/global/presets/PresetManager.java
 core.game.content.global.presets.PresetManager
core/game/node/entity/player/link/skillertasks/Difficulty.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.skillertasks.Difficulty
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/GrainOfPlentyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.GrainOfPlentyDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/VelorinaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VelorinaDialogue
core/game/interaction/DestinationFlag.java
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag$1
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag$2
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag$3
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag$4
 core.game.interaction.DestinationFlag$5
core/game/world/update/flag/player/AnimationFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.AnimationFlag
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/pottery/FirePotteryPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.pottery.FirePotteryPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/DelMontyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DelMontyDialogue
core/game/world/map/Point.java
 core.game.world.map.Point
core/game/content/dialogue/FaladorGardenerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FaladorGardenerDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/AnnaIsaakson.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AnnaIsaakson
core/game/content/dialogue/SanfewDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SanfewDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/ConfigurationManager.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.ConfigurationManager
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.ConfigurationManager$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.ConfigurationManager$Configuration
core/game/interaction/inter/TanningInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.TanningInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.TanningInterface$1
core/game/content/activity/duel/DuelComponentPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.duel.DuelComponentPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/GoblinVillageDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GoblinVillageDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/trade/TradeContainer.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.trade.TradeContainer
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.trade.TradeContainer$1
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.trade.TradeContainer$TradeListener
core/game/content/dialogue/LokarSearunnerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LokarSearunnerDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.LokarSearunnerDialogue$1
core/game/content/dialogue/InformationclerkMuseumDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.InformationclerkMuseumDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/KalphiteQueenNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.KalphiteQueenNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.KalphiteQueenNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.KalphiteQueenNPC$KQCombatSwingHandler
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.KalphiteQueenNPC$KQCombatSwingHandler$1
core/game/content/dialogue/EblisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EblisDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/BladeTrap.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BladeTrap
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.BladeTrap$1
core/game/node/entity/player/link/request/trade/TradeCloseEvent.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.request.trade.TradeCloseEvent
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/SpiritMosquitoNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.SpiritMosquitoNPC
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/FirelighterPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FirelighterPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FirelighterPlugin$FireLighter
core/game/interaction/object/GrandExchangeShortcut.java
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangeShortcut
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangeShortcut$1
 core.game.interaction.object.GrandExchangeShortcut$2
core/game/content/activity/puropuro/FairyAerykaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.FairyAerykaDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/HunterKitSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.HunterKitSpell
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.HunterKitSpell$1
core/game/interaction/item/toys/ZombieHeadPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.ZombieHeadPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/BananaCrateDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BananaCrateDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/QuickSmashSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.QuickSmashSpecialHandler
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCShifterNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCShifterNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCShifterNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCShifterNPC$2
core/game/content/dialogue/BennyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BennyDialogue
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/SpellBlocks.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.SpellBlocks
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/Fletching.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$ArrowHeads
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$Bolts
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$Darts
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$FletchingItems
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$GemBolts
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$Items
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$Limb
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.Fletching$String
core/game/interaction/item/StarterPackPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.StarterPackPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/workshop/ToolsPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ToolsPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ToolsPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ToolsPlugin$ToolDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.workshop.ToolsPlugin$ToolStore
core/game/content/dialogue/AntonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AntonDialogue
core/game/content/activity/stronghold/playersafety/GuardDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.GuardDialoguePlugin
 core.game.content.activity.stronghold.playersafety.GuardDialoguePlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/MazeSkeletonNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MazeSkeletonNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/FrincosDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FrincosDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DragonShieldDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DragonShieldDialogue
core/net/amsc/MSEventHandler.java
 core.net.amsc.MSEventHandler
core/game/interaction/city/HamHideoutPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.HamHideoutPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.HamHideoutPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.HamHideoutPlugin$2
 core.game.interaction.city.HamHideoutPlugin$2$1
core/game/content/cutscene/JulietCutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.JulietCutscenePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/MysteriousRuin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.MysteriousRuin
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/SpicySauce.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.SpicySauce
core/game/interaction/inter/SpinningInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SpinningInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SpinningInterface$1
core/game/content/activity/magearena/KolodionDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionDialogue
core/game/content/cutscene/OrganCutScene.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.OrganCutScene
 core.game.content.cutscene.OrganCutScene$1
 core.game.content.cutscene.OrganCutScene$2
core/game/content/consumable/effects/PercentageHealthEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.PercentageHealthEffect
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/BankUnnotePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.BankUnnotePlugin
core/game/content/holiday/ItemLimitation.java
 core.game.content.holiday.ItemLimitation
core/game/content/dialogue/SquireMagicDialougue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SquireMagicDialougue
core/game/content/zone/rellekka/JarvaldDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.JarvaldDialogue
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.JarvaldDialogue$1
core/game/interaction/item/GodBookPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$GodBookDialogue
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$GodBookDialogue$1
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$GodBookItem
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$PageHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$SymbolBlessHandler
 core.game.interaction.item.GodBookPlugin$SymbolBlessHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/smithing/smelting/SmeltingPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.smithing.smelting.SmeltingPulse
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/StatRestoreSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.StatRestoreSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/SorcceresDialouge.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SorcceresDialouge
 core.game.content.dialogue.SorcceresDialouge$1
core/game/content/zone/FredsFarmHouseZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.FredsFarmHouseZone
core/game/node/entity/combat/spell/WaterSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.spell.WaterSpell
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pizza/PizzaRecipe.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pizza.PizzaRecipe
core/game/content/activity/puropuro/ImpDefenderNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.puropuro.ImpDefenderNPC
core/game/node/entity/player/link/ActivityData.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.ActivityData
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/PowerstabSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.PowerstabSpecialHandler
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/PCSquireNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.PCSquireNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/LumbridgeSwampArcher.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LumbridgeSwampArcher
core/game/content/activity/mta/MageTrainingArenaPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.MageTrainingArenaPlugin
core/game/content/activity/ActivityPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.ActivityPlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/bnet/ImplingNode.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.bnet.ImplingNode
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/gem/GemCutPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.gem.GemCutPulse
core/game/content/quest/miniquest/barcrawl/BarcrawlManager.java
 core.game.content.quest.miniquest.barcrawl.BarcrawlManager
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/SummoningTabPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.SummoningTabPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/DoomsayerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DoomsayerDialogue
core/game/component/AccessMaskBuilder.java
 core.game.component.AccessMaskBuilder
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerMasterDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerMasterDialogue
core/game/content/global/Lamps.java
 core.game.content.global.Lamps
core/net/registry/RegistryResponse.java
 core.net.registry.RegistryResponse
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/ZombieNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.ZombieNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/familiar/Forager.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.familiar.Forager
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/BuglanternPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BuglanternPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BuglanternPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BuglanternPlugin$LightLanternPlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/princealirescue/PrinceAliRescue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.princealirescue.PrinceAliRescue
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/alkharid/AliMorrisaneDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.alkharid.AliMorrisaneDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/HealSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.HealSpell
core/net/packet/PacketRepository.java
 core.net.packet.PacketRepository
core/game/node/entity/skill/hunter/HunterNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.hunter.HunterNPC
core/cache/def/impl/CS2Mapping.java
 core.cache.def.impl.CS2Mapping
core/game/node/item/Item.java
 core.game.node.item.Item
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/PunctureSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.PunctureSpecialHandler
plugin/ai/pvmbots/LowestBot.java
 plugin.ai.pvmbots.LowestBot
core/game/content/dialogue/MorganDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MorganDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/TeleblockSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.TeleblockSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/SilkMerchantPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SilkMerchantPlugin
 core.game.content.dialogue.SilkMerchantPlugin$1
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/FishfoodPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FishfoodPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FishfoodPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.FishfoodPlugin$FishFoodUses
core/game/content/quest/members/sheepherder/OrbonDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.sheepherder.OrbonDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/FloorSpikes.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.FloorSpikes
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.FloorSpikes$1
core/game/content/activity/barrows/TunnelEntranceDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.barrows.TunnelEntranceDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCSwitchId.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCSwitchId
core/game/interaction/npc/RoavarOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.RoavarOptionPlugin
core/game/world/map/path/DumbPathfinder.java
 core.game.world.map.path.DumbPathfinder
 core.game.world.map.path.DumbPathfinder$1
core/game/interaction/city/BurthorpePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.BurthorpePlugin
core/game/interaction/object/wildyditch/WildernessInterfacePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.wildyditch.WildernessInterfacePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/HygdDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HygdDialogue
core/game/content/quest/tutorials/learningtheropes/SirVantDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.tutorials.learningtheropes.SirVantDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/brimhaven/SpinningBlades.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.SpinningBlades
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.brimhaven.SpinningBlades$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/lunar/CureOtherSpell.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.lunar.CureOtherSpell
core/game/content/dialogue/ApothecaryDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ApothecaryDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DragonSlayerPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DragonSlayerPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/RowdySlaveNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.RowdySlaveNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.RowdySlaveNPC$1
core/game/interaction/player/AttackOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.player.AttackOptionPlugin
core/game/content/global/worldevents/shootingstar/ScoreboardHandler.java
 core.game.content.global.worldevents.shootingstar.ScoreboardHandler
core/game/content/activity/mta/BonesConvertingSpells.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.BonesConvertingSpells
core/game/content/dialogue/CamelotGuardDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.CamelotGuardDialogue
core/net/packet/context/AnimateInterfaceContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.AnimateInterfaceContext
core/game/node/entity/player/link/Settings.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.Settings
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.Settings$1
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/BloatedLeechNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.BloatedLeechNPC
core/game/content/dialogue/JiminuaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.JiminuaDialogue
 core.game.content.dialogue.JiminuaDialogue$JiminuaUnnoteHandler
core/game/content/quest/free/therestlessghost/FatherUhrneyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.therestlessghost.FatherUhrneyDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/PortSarimPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.PortSarimPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.PortSarimPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.city.PortSarimPlugin$2
core/game/world/update/flag/npc/NPCFaceEntity.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.npc.NPCFaceEntity
core/game/system/script/context/SetAttributeInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.SetAttributeInstruction
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/SkillingResource.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.SkillingResource
core/game/content/dialogue/KrilJRDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.KrilJRDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/princealirescue/LadyKeliNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.princealirescue.LadyKeliNPC
core/game/interaction/city/LunarIslePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.LunarIslePlugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/CaveHorrorNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.CaveHorrorNPC
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.CaveHorrorNPC$1
core/net/event/GameWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.GameWriteEvent
 core.net.event.GameWriteEvent$1
core/game/content/dialogue/EntranaChurchMonk.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EntranaChurchMonk
core/game/interaction/object/LumbridgeBasementPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeBasementPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeBasementPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeBasementPlugin$FishMongerDialogue
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeBasementPlugin$LightCreatureHandler
 core.game.interaction.object.LumbridgeBasementPlugin$LightCreatureNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/LogBalanceShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.LogBalanceShortcut
core/game/node/Node.java
 core.game.node.Node
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/WhatLiesBelow.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WhatLiesBelow
core/game/content/dialogue/DrezelMonumentDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DrezelMonumentDialogue
core/net/producer/MSEventProducer.java
 core.net.producer.MSEventProducer
core/game/content/quest/members/waterfallquest/WaterfallPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$1$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.waterfallquest.WaterfallPlugin$WaterfallUseWithHandler$5
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/MagpieNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MagpieNPC
core/gui/tab/StatisticsTab.java
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab$1
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab$2
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab$3
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab$4
 core.gui.tab.StatisticsTab$StatsTextPane
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/pie/impl/GardenPie.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.pie.impl.GardenPie
core/game/content/activity/magearena/MageArenaZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaZone
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.MageArenaZone$1
core/game/content/ame/events/quizmaster/QuizMasterEvent.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.quizmaster.QuizMasterEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/Decoration.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.Decoration
core/game/node/entity/player/link/appearance/Gender.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.link.appearance.Gender
core/game/interaction/item/withplayer/FieldRationUsage.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withplayer.FieldRationUsage
core/game/system/script/context/PlainMessageInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.PlainMessageInstruction
core/game/content/consumable/effects/DwarvenRockCakeEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.DwarvenRockCakeEffect
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/RenegadeKnightDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.RenegadeKnightDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/MinotaurFamiliarNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$AdamantMinotaurNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$BronzeMinotaurNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$IronMinotaurNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$MithrilMinotaurNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$RuneMinotaurNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.MinotaurFamiliarNPC$SteelMinotaurNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/CrumblingWallShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.CrumblingWallShortcut
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DukeHoracioDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DukeHoracioDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/chunk/GraphicUpdateFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.chunk.GraphicUpdateFlag
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/WLBelowCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$2
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$3
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$4
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$5
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.WLBelowCutscene$6
core/game/content/dialogue/ZekeDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ZekeDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/ErnestDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ErnestDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/NoraTHaggNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.NoraTHaggNPC
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.NoraTHaggNPC$1
core/game/interaction/object/FlourMakingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.FlourMakingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.FlourMakingPlugin$FillPotHandler
 core.game.interaction.object.FlourMakingPlugin$FlourExtension
 core.game.interaction.object.FlourMakingPlugin$GrainHopperPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/TeacherandPupilMuseumDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.TeacherandPupilMuseumDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/pyramid/RollingBlock.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.RollingBlock
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.RollingBlock$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.RollingBlock$2
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.RollingBlock$3
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.pyramid.RollingBlock$BlockSets
core/game/content/consumable/effects/KegOfBeerEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.KegOfBeerEffect
core/game/interaction/inter/EmoteTabInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.EmoteTabInterface
core/game/interaction/item/withitem/PoisonRemovePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.PoisonRemovePlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.withitem.PoisonRemovePlugin$PoisonedWeapon
core/game/interaction/inter/JewelleryInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.JewelleryInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.JewelleryInterface$1
core/cache/misc/Container.java
 core.cache.misc.Container
core/game/node/entity/skill/gather/SkillingTool.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.gather.SkillingTool
core/game/interaction/object/MuseumGatePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.MuseumGatePlugin
core/net/packet/out/ClearGroundItem.java
 core.net.packet.out.ClearGroundItem
core/game/world/update/flag/player/HitUpdateFlag1.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.HitUpdateFlag1
core/game/content/dialogue/GruborDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GruborDialogue
core/game/interaction/city/WizardTowerPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$AuburyDialoguePlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$SedridorDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$SedridorDialogue$1
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardDialogue$1
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardDialogue$SplitBark
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardGrayzagDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardMisgogDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardMisgogDialogue$1
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardTowerDialogue
 core.game.interaction.city.WizardTowerPlugin$WizardtowerWizardNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/topping/impl/ChoppedTuna.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.topping.impl.ChoppedTuna
core/game/node/entity/skill/agility/shortcuts/StrangeFloorShortcut.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StrangeFloorShortcut
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StrangeFloorShortcut$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.agility.shortcuts.StrangeFloorShortcut$2
core/game/content/dialogue/WiseOldManDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.WiseOldManDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/RockCrabNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RockCrabNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.RockCrabNPC$1
core/game/system/SystemState.java
 core.game.system.SystemState
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/BigDaveDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.BigDaveDialogue
core/game/content/activity/mta/impl/GraveyardZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.GraveyardZone
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.GraveyardZone$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.GraveyardZone$BoneType
core/game/interaction/object/ThievingGuidePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ThievingGuidePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.ThievingGuidePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.ThievingGuidePlugin$1$1
core/game/content/activity/pyramidplunder/PlunderZones.java
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PlunderZones
 core.game.content.activity.pyramidplunder.PlunderZones$PlunderZone
core/game/content/dialogue/VanstromKlause.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.VanstromKlause
core/game/interaction/inter/MysticStaffEnchantingPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.MysticStaffEnchantingPlugin
 core.game.interaction.inter.MysticStaffEnchantingPlugin$EnchantedStaff
core/net/packet/out/ClearRegionChunk.java
 core.net.packet.out.ClearRegionChunk
core/game/content/dialogue/DraulLeptoc.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DraulLeptoc
core/game/content/quest/free/goblindiplomacy/GDiplomacyCutscene.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GDiplomacyCutscene
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GDiplomacyCutscene$GoblinGeneralDialogue
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GDiplomacyCutscene$GoblinGeneralDialogue$1
core/game/node/entity/player/info/PlayerDetails.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.PlayerDetails
core/game/content/quest/members/whatliesbelow/SurokMagisDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.whatliesbelow.SurokMagisDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/player/FaceLocationFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.FaceLocationFlag
core/game/world/map/zone/impl/DarkZone.java
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.DarkZone
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.DarkZone$1
 core.game.world.map.zone.impl.DarkZone$1$1
core/game/container/ContainerType.java
 core.game.container.ContainerType
core/game/content/dialogue/HeadChefDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.HeadChefDialogue
core/game/content/zone/neitiznot/ThakkradYakDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.ThakkradYakDialogue
core/game/content/quest/members/rovingelves/RovingElves.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.rovingelves.RovingElves
core/game/content/consumable/BarbarianMix.java
 core.game.content.consumable.BarbarianMix
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/SinisterStrangerDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.SinisterStrangerDialogue
core/game/interaction/inter/OrbViewingInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.OrbViewingInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.OrbViewingInterface$1
 core.game.interaction.inter.OrbViewingInterface$2
 core.game.interaction.inter.OrbViewingInterface$ViewCloseEvent
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/dairy/DairyProduct.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.dairy.DairyProduct
core/net/packet/context/PlayerContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.PlayerContext
core/game/content/activity/mta/EnchantmentGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.EnchantmentGuardianDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/WitchsPotionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.WitchsPotionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/AbyssalParasiteNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.AbyssalParasiteNPC
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/SirGawainDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.SirGawainDialogue
core/net/packet/context/MinimapStateContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.MinimapStateContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/NettleWaterPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.NettleWaterPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/animalmagnetism/OldCronDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.animalmagnetism.OldCronDialogue
core/game/node/entity/impl/GameAttributes.java
 core.game.node.entity.impl.GameAttributes
core/game/content/dialogue/LuthasDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LuthasDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/PyreLordNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.PyreLordNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.PyreLordNPC$PyreLordFiremake
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.PyreLordNPC$PyreLordFiremake$1
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/JoshuaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.JoshuaDialogue
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/reward/PCIslandOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.reward.PCIslandOptionPlugin
core/net/event/HSReadEvent.java
 core.net.event.HSReadEvent
core/game/interaction/item/TeleportCrystalPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.TeleportCrystalPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.TeleportCrystalPlugin$TeleportCrystalDialogue
core/game/interaction/item/NewsPaperPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.NewsPaperPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/junglepotion/JunglePotionPlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotionPlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.junglepotion.JunglePotionPlugin$JogreCavernDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/SpiritKyattDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SpiritKyattDialogue
core/game/system/script/context/StartActivityInstruction.java
 core.game.system.script.context.StartActivityInstruction
core/game/content/activity/pestcontrol/monsters/PCTorcherNPC.java
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCTorcherNPC
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.PCTorcherNPC$1
 core.game.content.activity.pestcontrol.monsters.TorcherSpell
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/portalchamber/PortalChamberPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.portalchamber.PortalChamberPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.portalchamber.PortalChamberPlugin$DirectPortalDialogue
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.portalchamber.PortalChamberPlugin$Locations
core/game/container/SortType.java
 core.game.container.SortType
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/IntentionalBurnPulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.IntentionalBurnPulse
core/game/content/dialogue/LumbridgeSwampMonk.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.LumbridgeSwampMonk
core/game/interaction/object/SearchOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.SearchOptionPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.SearchOptionPlugin$Search
core/game/interaction/inter/GliderInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.GliderInterface
core/game/content/dialogue/MagicTutorDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MagicTutorDialogue
core/game/content/quest/free/shieldofarrav/WeaponsMasterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.shieldofarrav.WeaponsMasterDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/BarbarianNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BarbarianNPC
core/game/content/quest/free/goblindiplomacy/GoblinDiplomacy.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GoblinDiplomacy
core/game/content/dialogue/AlfonseWaiterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.AlfonseWaiterDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/ProspectOrePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.ProspectOrePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.ProspectOrePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.ProspectOrePlugin$2
 core.game.interaction.object.ProspectOrePlugin$3
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/BarbarianPotion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.BarbarianPotion
core/game/interaction/item/toys/YoyoPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.toys.YoyoPlugin
core/game/content/activity/guild/CraftingGuildPlugin.java
 core.game.content.activity.guild.CraftingGuildPlugin
 core.game.content.activity.guild.CraftingGuildPlugin$MasterCrafterDialogue
 core.game.content.activity.guild.CraftingGuildPlugin$TannerDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/recipe/potato/impl/MushroomPotato.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.recipe.potato.impl.MushroomPotato
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/CombinationRunePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.CombinationRunePlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/ZilyanaJRDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ZilyanaJRDialogue
core/game/content/activity/mta/GraveyardGuardianDialogue.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.GraveyardGuardianDialogue
core/net/packet/context/MusicContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.MusicContext
core/game/content/dialogue/ThuroDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ThuroDialogue
core/game/system/task/LocationLogoutTask.java
 core.game.system.task.LocationLogoutTask
core/game/content/activity/magearena/KolodionSession.java
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionSession
 core.game.content.activity.magearena.KolodionSession$1
core/game/node/entity/player/Player.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.Player
 core.game.node.entity.player.Player$1wardrobePulse
 core.game.node.entity.player.Player$1wardrobePulse$1
core/game/interaction/inter/ShipCharterInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.ShipCharterInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/MirrorShieldHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.MirrorShieldHandler
core/game/content/quest/members/merlinscrystal/TheLadyOfTheLake.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.merlinscrystal.TheLadyOfTheLake
core/game/node/entity/npc/revenant/RevenantType.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.revenant.RevenantType
core/game/content/dialogue/ReffDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.ReffDialogue
core/game/content/ame/events/rickturpentine/RickTurpentineNPC.java
 core.game.content.ame.events.rickturpentine.RickTurpentineNPC
 core.game.content.ame.events.rickturpentine.RickTurpentineNPC$1
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/EnergyDrainSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.EnergyDrainSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/combat/equipment/RangeWeapon.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.equipment.RangeWeapon
core/game/interaction/city/SophanemPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.SophanemPlugin
core/game/content/dialogue/FatherLawrenceDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FatherLawrenceDialogue
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/PieShellPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.PieShellPlugin
core/net/packet/out/Config.java
 core.net.packet.out.Config
core/plugin/PluginType.java
 core.plugin.PluginType
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/Runes.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.Runes
core/game/node/entity/skill/magic/ancient/AncientTeleportPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.magic.ancient.AncientTeleportPlugin
core/game/node/entity/combat/special/CleaveSpecialHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.combat.special.CleaveSpecialHandler
core/game/node/entity/state/impl/FrozenStatePulse.java
 core.game.node.entity.state.impl.FrozenStatePulse
core/game/world/map/Location.java
 core.game.world.map.Location
core/game/system/communication/ClanRank.java
 core.game.system.communication.ClanRank
core/game/node/entity/skill/summoning/ObeliskOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.summoning.ObeliskOptionPlugin
core/game/content/activity/mta/impl/AlchemistZone.java
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.AlchemistZone
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.AlchemistZone$1
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.AlchemistZone$AlchemistItem
 core.game.content.activity.mta.impl.AlchemistZone$AlchemistSession
core/Util.java
 core.Util
core/game/interaction/npc/GabootyTrade.java
 core.game.interaction.npc.GabootyTrade
core/game/node/entity/skill/cooking/FireOptionPotteryPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.cooking.FireOptionPotteryPlugin
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/ElvargNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ElvargNPC
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ElvargNPC$1
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ElvargNPC$2
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ElvargNPC$3
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.ElvargNPC$ElvargCombatSwingHandler
core/game/content/cutscene/RJCutscenePlugin.java
 core.game.content.cutscene.RJCutscenePlugin
 core.game.content.cutscene.RJCutscenePlugin$RomeoDialogue
 core.game.content.cutscene.RJCutscenePlugin$RomeoDialogue$1
 core.game.content.cutscene.RJCutscenePlugin$RomeoDialogue$2
core/game/content/dialogue/GraardoorJRDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.GraardoorJRDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/FacialExpression.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.FacialExpression
core/game/system/task/Pulse.java
 core.game.system.task.Pulse
core/net/packet/out/AnimateInterface.java
 core.net.packet.out.AnimateInterface
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/FishingExplosivePlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.FishingExplosivePlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.FishingExplosivePlugin$FishingExplosiveHandler
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.FishingExplosivePlugin$FishingExplosiveHandler$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.FishingExplosivePlugin$MogreNPC
core/game/interaction/object/PyreSitePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.PyreSitePlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.PyreSitePlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.PyreSitePlugin$2
 core.game.interaction.object.PyreSitePlugin$FerociousBarbarianNPC
 core.game.interaction.object.PyreSitePlugin$LogType
plugin/ai/pvmbots/NoobBot.java
 plugin.ai.pvmbots.NoobBot
core/game/interaction/object/BarrowsBoatPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.BarrowsBoatPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.BarrowsBoatPlugin$1
core/game/content/dialogue/NarfsDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.NarfsDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/CanoeOptionPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CanoeOptionPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/nardah/Ghaslor.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.nardah.Ghaslor
core/game/content/zone/neitiznot/MawnisBurowgarDialogue.java
 core.game.content.zone.neitiznot.MawnisBurowgarDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/MonkNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.MonkNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.MonkNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.MonkNPC$CombatAction
core/game/content/activity/gwd/GWDTsutsarothSwingHandler.java
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDTsutsarothSwingHandler
 core.game.content.activity.gwd.GWDTsutsarothSwingHandler$1
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/WitchsHousePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsHousePlugin
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsHousePlugin$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsHousePlugin$WitchsHouseUseWithHandler
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.WitchsHousePlugin$WitchsHouseUseWithHandler$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/decoration/costume/package-info.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.decoration.costume.package-info
core/game/content/quest/members/witchshouse/BoyDialoguePlugin.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.witchshouse.BoyDialoguePlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/familiar/KalphiteNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.KalphiteNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.familiar.KalphiteNPC$KalphitePrincessDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/bosses/wilderness/KingBlackDragonNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.KingBlackDragonNPC
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.KingBlackDragonNPC$1
 core.game.node.entity.npc.bosses.wilderness.KingBlackDragonNPC$KBDCombatSwingHandler
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/BlackKnightNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.BlackKnightNPC
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/ForesterDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.ForesterDialogue
core/game/content/dialogue/DestroyItemPlugin.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.DestroyItemPlugin
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/varrock/VarrockBartenderDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.varrock.VarrockBartenderDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/LumberYardCratePlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.LumberYardCratePlugin
core/plugin/Plugin.java
 core.plugin.Plugin
core/game/node/entity/skill/herblore/FinishedPotion.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.herblore.FinishedPotion
core/game/content/dialogue/EllamariaDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.EllamariaDialogue
core/game/world/update/flag/context/Graphics.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.context.Graphics
core/game/system/script/exc/UnknownScriptException.java
 core.game.system.script.exc.UnknownScriptException
core/game/node/entity/skill/construction/ServantType.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.construction.ServantType
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/abyss/ZamorakMageDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.ZamorakMageDialogue
core/game/content/zone/TzhaarZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.TzhaarZone
core/game/content/dialogue/BarfyBill.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.BarfyBill
core/net/packet/context/ChildPositionContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ChildPositionContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/BugSwarmNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.BugSwarmNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/abyss/DarkMageDialogue.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.abyss.DarkMageDialogue
core/game/system/script/exc/InvalidInterpreterException.java
 core.game.system.script.exc.InvalidInterpreterException
core/game/interaction/item/DiangoItemPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.item.DiangoItemPlugin
 core.game.interaction.item.DiangoItemPlugin$1
core/net/event/RegistryWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.RegistryWriteEvent
core/game/node/entity/npc/city/sophanem/KlenterNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.city.sophanem.KlenterNPC
core/net/event/MSWriteEvent.java
 core.net.event.MSWriteEvent
 core.net.event.MSWriteEvent$1
core/game/content/quest/members/thetouristrap/MinecartDriverDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.thetouristrap.MinecartDriverDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/agg/AggressiveBehavior.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.agg.AggressiveBehavior
 core.game.node.entity.npc.agg.AggressiveBehavior$1
core/game/content/quest/members/lostcity/TreeSpiritNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.lostcity.TreeSpiritNPC
core/game/interaction/item/withobject/CauldronOfThunder.java
 core.game.interaction.item.withobject.CauldronOfThunder
core/game/node/entity/skill/runecrafting/Altar.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.runecrafting.Altar
core/game/interaction/object/CrystalKeyObjectPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.CrystalKeyObjectPlugin
core/game/interaction/city/ZanarisPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.city.ZanarisPlugin
 core.game.interaction.city.ZanarisPlugin$MagicDoorDialogue
core/game/content/consumable/effects/TroubleBrewingRumEffect.java
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.TroubleBrewingRumEffect
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.TroubleBrewingRumEffect$1
 core.game.content.consumable.effects.TroubleBrewingRumEffect$2
core/game/content/dialogue/MubarizDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.MubarizDialogue
core/game/interaction/object/WildernessLeverPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin$1
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin$LeverDialogue
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin$LeverSets
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin$LeverSets$1
 core.game.interaction.object.WildernessLeverPlugin$LeverSets$2
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/Student.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.Student
core/game/interaction/object/JangerBerryPlugin.java
 core.game.interaction.object.JangerBerryPlugin
 core.game.interaction.object.JangerBerryPlugin$1
core/game/node/entity/skill/slayer/SlayerTowerZone.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.slayer.SlayerTowerZone
core/game/content/ttrail/CoordinateClueScroll.java
 core.game.content.ttrail.CoordinateClueScroll
core/game/world/update/flag/player/AppearanceFlag.java
 core.game.world.update.flag.player.AppearanceFlag
core/game/interaction/inter/SmithingInterface.java
 core.game.interaction.inter.SmithingInterface
 core.game.interaction.inter.SmithingInterface$1
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/MazeZombieNPC.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.MazeZombieNPC
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/GateInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GateInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GateInteraction$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.GateInteraction$2
core/game/content/dialogue/SandyDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.SandyDialogue
core/net/packet/context/RunScriptContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.RunScriptContext
core/game/node/entity/skill/fletching/MakeCrossbowPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.MakeCrossbowPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.fletching.MakeCrossbowPlugin$1
core/game/content/quest/free/dragonslayer/DSChestDialogue.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.dragonslayer.DSChestDialogue
core/game/node/entity/player/info/login/PlayerParser.java
 core.game.node.entity.player.info.login.PlayerParser
core/game/content/quest/free/goblindiplomacy/GrubFoot.java
 core.game.content.quest.free.goblindiplomacy.GrubFoot
core/game/content/dialogue/TakiDwarfDialogue.java
 core.game.content.dialogue.TakiDwarfDialogue
core/game/node/entity/npc/agg/AggressiveHandler.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.agg.AggressiveHandler
core/game/interaction/item/BookreadOption.java
 core.game.interaction.item.BookreadOption
core/game/world/map/build/RegionFlags.java
 core.game.world.map.build.RegionFlags
core/game/node/entity/npc/other/TutorialChickenNPC.java
 core.game.node.entity.npc.other.TutorialChickenNPC
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/StuddedArmourPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.StuddedArmourPlugin
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.StuddedArmourPlugin$1
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.StuddedArmourPlugin$StudArmourPulse
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.StuddedArmourPlugin$StuddedArmour
core/game/ge/GrandExchangeEntry.java
 core.game.ge.GrandExchangeEntry
core/game/node/entity/skill/crafting/AmuletStringingPlugin.java
 core.game.node.entity.skill.crafting.AmuletStringingPlugin
core/game/content/quest/members/fishingcontest/FenceInteraction.java
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FenceInteraction
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FenceInteraction$1
 core.game.content.quest.members.fishingcontest.FenceInteraction$SqueezePulse
core/game/content/zone/rellekka/RellekkaZone.java
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.RellekkaZone
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.RellekkaZone$1
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.RellekkaZone$2
 core.game.content.zone.rellekka.RellekkaZone$RellekaOptionHandler
core/net/packet/context/ContactContext.java
 core.net.packet.context.ContactContext
